How do you naturally reduce cortisol in stress levels? Let's talk about it. The first way is to reduce cortisol levels is to practice stress reduction techniques. Stress reduction techniques include deep breathing, meditation, yoga, therapy, and biofeedback. You may have to experiment with different types of stress reduction techniques to find the one that works best for you in order to reduce your feeling of stress. Overall, it has been shown that using stress reduction techniques can reduce cortisol and stress. The second way to reduce cortisol and stress is to practice good sleep hygiene. By sleep hygiene, I mean having a good bedtime routine that allows you to fall asleep, plus making sure you're sleeping in the dark so you make as much melatonin as possible, which helps to reduce cortisol. High levels of cortisol at night suppress this melatonin, while high melatonin can help to suppress cortisol. I do have a video on adult sleep hygiene that can really help. The third way to reduce cortisol and stress is to exercise. Well, it's natural to have a little bump in cortisol when you exercise. There's a nice decline in cortisol. After exercise, it's best to exercise in the morning to follow your natural cortisol circadian rhythm rather than at night, which may keep cortisol elevated too late. The fourth way to reduce cortisol and stress is by what you eat. There are quite a few foods that can help to keep your cortisol level stables. Foods that are rich in omega-3 fatty acids like fatty fish and nuts. Foods that are rich in magnesium like bananas, avocados, and dark chocolate. Foods that are rich in althany like black or green tea. Foods like probiotic rich yogurt and pre-biotic rich artichoke can help reduce cortisol levels and of course, drinking enough water so you're not dehydrated. There are some foods you want to avoid that can actually increase your levels of cortisol, avoid excess alcohol and caffeine, plus avoiding high sugar foods like sodas and candies and simple carbohydrates like cakes and pastries. And the fifth way to reduce cortisol and stress and thus your stress reaction are by taking supplements. Supplements known as adaptogens can help reduce cortisol levels. These include passionflower, holy basil, ashwanganda, panics, ginseng, and chamomile. And for more holistic approach, supporting your hypothalamus, which controls your stress response and your HPA access with Genesis Gold, can help reduce cortisol levels and reduce stress. If you have any questions about cortisol and stress, why don't you join me in our hormone support group. You'll get access through our free hormone reboot training. I'll see you in the next video.