Let's talk about GLP1 medications today. Game changes in weight loss. These medications mimic a hormone in the body called GLP1 or glucagon-like peptide. This hormone is secreted by our gut in response to eating. It acts on the brain to reduce appetite. It also slows the emptying of stomach so you don't feel hungry. Currently, there are 4 GLP1 medications available in the market. Sex sander contains Leira glutide. Only wegovy and sex sander are FDA approved for weight loss. However, others are equally popular and effective. So how are they taken? Wegovy and ozempic are taken as a weekly injection. Sex sander is a daily injection. Ribulcis is taken orally every day. So just like with any prescription medication, there can be adverse effects. Common adverse effects include nausea, vomiting, constipation, stomach pain and pancreatitis. Although very effective for weight loss, these medications should not be taken by certain people. This includes pregnant or breastfeeding women, personal or family history of medillary carcinoma of thyroid, past history of pancreatitis or gastroparesis. So how much weight loss should you expect from a GLP1 medication? Typically 10 to 20%. Most people lose 2 to 4 pounds per week or an average of 15 pounds per month. These medications work well when combined with good lifestyle modifications including good sleep, low stress, optimal nutrition and consistent physical activity. So how long should you take these medications? Remember, obesity is a chronic illness. Treatment is usually lifelong. When you stop these medications, you may gain some weight pack. Always take these medications under supervision. and insurance coverage. These medications are expensive. Most insurances deny the coverage. Talk to your physician to see which is the best option for you. If you always have food on your mind, are constantly hungry and find yourself grazing, these medications may be right for you. Talk to your obesity specialist. Reach out to me if you have any questions. If you're in the Phoenix area, I'd love to see you.