Hello everyone, Dr. John Bartim is here today with functional medicine Charlotte client Daniel and Daniel wanted to share his story with us So Daniel, thanks for being here and why did you first seek out functional medicine care? So Over the years I had been trying to kind of go on the internet and kind of look at different ways to address a lot of my symptoms And then I kind of got to a point to where I wanted someone to kind of do a lot of testing with me and find out with me individually versus me kind of looking at Just research on the internet of everyone's different opinions and then around more than COVID happened it kind of really exposed the medical system to me and how inefficient it is to address individuals versus like a bigger population and so when I moved to Charlotte I'd looked into some folks in medicine and then you had popped up and I looked at your You know your page and liked what you did with your work And so that's why I got here awesome And what if you don't mind sharing what specific symptoms where you struggling with that you were looking for help with? So I had kind of had some IBS issues And struggle with anxiety depression ADHD And I kind of wanted to see like what? foods would Were kind of bothering me or what if I was allergic to anything and different things like that. Okay. Awesome. So in your experience here, how was What we did here different from your conventional medicine experience? Well, you gave me a big packet like this to fill out and so it asked me all these all these questions about like even cravings that I've had What I like to eat what you know what? Products I was using and so I kind of knew that like doing that that Testing specific for me was going to give me the results that I needed Gotcha Awesome. And so we went forward with the testing. We found what was going on with you and you implemented. So what have the results been? Well, let's see my I'm feeling a lot better mentally The brain fog is almost pretty much gone. My stomach has improved a lot of my digestion is improved. I'm now able to eat foods That don't make me have to you know use the bathroom right away and I definitely feel a lot better Awesome. Well great. So moving forward you're empowered to continue living the lifestyle that we've figured out for you and We're excited to see what that looks like down the road. So thank you for sharing if you'd like to Create the same positive changes Daniel's created. Please reach out at functional medicine charlotte.com [BLANK_AUDIO]