So what's leaky gut and what are the causes? So leaky gut is when your immune system is reacting to something in your intestinal tract and the cells lining the intestinal tract get damaged like an innocent bystander and that cell layer then is compromised and things that would normally be contained within your gastrointestinal tract like antigens on the surface of bacteria or incompletely digested food proteins. can get absorbed into your bloodstream and cause immune reactions elsewhere. It can burden the detox capacity of the liver, can cause brain reactions, skin reactions, joint reactions. So it's a really common cause of autoimmunity for example and it's important to sort it out and eliminate it the causes of leaky gut. So what are the primary causes? Eating foods you're allergic to. You eat a food you're allergic to, immune system can react to that and damage your intestines. Having hulical bactar pylori infection in the stomach of small intestine. Having small intestinal overgrowth of bacteria where you get bacteria growing in the small intestine that can cause a whole host of issues but one of them is an immune reaction leading to leaky gut and then having an imbalance in the microflora of your colon like having a parasite living there or a bad bacteria or an overgrowth of yeast or just a generalized imbalance that's used to one bacteria more than everything else and then the body starts viewing that like an infection. So highly recommend if you are having symptoms in the gastrointestinal tract that could be related to food allergies, small intestinal overgrowth or colonic imbalances like gas or bloating or in digestion or you know kind of feeling like you have gastrosophageal reflux or heartburner or upset stomach after eating. These would be clues that you might want to try to figure out what is causing it by either doing some dietary modification or seeing a functional medicine doctor that's skilled in analyzing intestinal issues. It's very important. I hope that helps. you