Hi guys, welcome to my video today. Thank you so much for stopping by. I am going to be making this nighttime weight loss tea. You guys know I love detox waters, lots of teas and lots of apple cider vinegar. So I'm going to show you this. This is really great to have in the evening after dinner before you go to bed. Definitely helps with some a little bit of aiding with the weight loss. So it's really great. I'm going to show you how I make this one. It is with camel meal tea, apple cider vinegar. I have half of a lemon and then I have cinnamon sticks. So you can use a dash of cinnamon if you like as well. But I'm going to make this up and it's so good. So first is the water, of course. I just love this tea kettle. It is perfect for all of my teas. So I have my camel meal tea, which you could definitely have at night because there's no caffeine. So I'm not going to keep you up all night long. I have half of a lemon. So I'm going to juice half of the lemon. And I'm going to try not to get any seeds. There we go. I'm going to do one tablespoon of apple cider vinegar. I love this brand brag. It is really good. So I'm going to do one tablespoon. Apple cider vinegar is so good for you. It is so healthy. And then I have my cinnamon stick. So I'm just going to plop this guy in there. And then I'm just going to let this brew for a minute. And it is so perfect to have right before bed. Like I said, you guys totally helps with aiding and weight loss. And it's perfect to have at night right before you go to bed. Helps with bloating and digestion and just all around good for your health. So hopefully you guys enjoy this one. Check back on all my other detox waters, detox teas, tons of them on my channel. For new, click subscribe and click the bell button so that you get a notification each time I post a new video. Lots of healthy recipes, quick and easy to give you a little bit of motivation to eat nice and healthy. I hope that you have a really great day and I'll see you next time. Bye bye.