Hi, my name is Jacob and today I'll tell you everything you need to know about Berberine before actually buying the product. I also have two really important alerts so pay close attention to what I have to tell you. The first thing you need to know about Berberine is be careful with them. Website you're going to buy Berberine from because Berberine is only sold on the official website. To help you, I left the link to to them. Official website down below in the description of this video. So what is Berberine and does it actually work? And the answer is, yes, Berberine works and after many laboratory tests, researchers identified that there is a natural formula with concentrated ingredients that decrease insulin resistance, making blood sugar reduction hormone insulin more effective. So yes, you can trust this product there. There are many people having great results with Berberine and you can have results as well. However, you need to keep in mind that each body will react in a unique way. That's a little bit obvious, but I'm telling you this so that you are realistic about your treatment and expectations. There's something really important about this product that you need to know. Before buying it, you can actually test Berberine for 90 days and if you don't see results, if you don't like it for any reason, they will give you your money back. Also, for Berberine to work, you need to take the treatment seriously. You need to take it every single day or else you won't see great results and you'll actually get a little frustrated. You can see the initial results in the first month, but most people have better results after three months using this product. Also important for you to know, that your brain has no side effects since it is natural. So, I wanted to record this video, first to tell you to be careful with the website. You are going to buy Berberine from and also, if you do buy them. Product, do the exact treatment, take it seriously. Remember to keep in mind that your results will be very different from any other person because you're organism acts in a very unique way. I really hope this video helped you and I. Also, hope that Berberine actually helps you a lot to improve your life and many other benefits that this product promotes.