Hi, this is Dr. Steven Smith. I'm an integrative medicine physician. And today I'm doing a video on yeast, particularly candida, which is usually found in your colon. It can cause a lot of problems, brain fog and fatigue. I often get this if they've eaten some too many carbohydrates. It'll just sneak up on you because it causes a brain fog. I know what it is, but I don't think about it until I've had it for a couple of days. It's very easy to treat. You can take a drug like that fluke in, which is expensive, a little hard on your liver, but it works through the blood. So it's working on the outside of the bowel toward the lumen. Well, most of the candida is in the lumen. So Candisol works from in the lumen. It's an enzyme and specifically an enzyme that breaks down the compound called chitin. Well, there's no chitin in your body. You find it an insect, shells, shellfish and on the wall of candida. So it's very selective. It's not going to do any harm. harm to you. If you take it, if you don't have candida, that's okay. You don't have any chitin in there. So it just passes through, but it must be taken without food or you will not get it to the candida. So if you're having brain fog and fatigue and you just want to come on suddenly and maybe even have a little bloating, this is a tactic to try. That's way less expensive than going out and have some expensive tests done. And there's no harm if you don't have candida. And it can be used in conjunction with other antifungals, either herbal or medication. We often use ADP, which works on the bacteria, the fungus and some small parasites along with Candisol. The beauty of Candisol is there's usually no die off reaction. So you just start with one pill, go up to about three or four, take it on an empty stomach twice a day. And if you've got yeast or candida in your colon, it's just going to slowly go away. You'll notice your energy comes back up and your brain fog suddenly clears. So if you're having those symptoms, you might want to give this tactic a try, which is Candisol or Candisol. and ADP, which is an oregano extract. you