For now, that's your news and webbing together. Very good, Vince. Thank you. Is it a beneficial additive or is it a poison that we consume on a daily basis? That's the debate taking place since a Milwaukee-Eldermen proposed ending, putting fluoride in Milwaukee's drinking water. Beverly Taylor reports today, two-size-pro and con at their set. It's impact on the body is not exclusively drawn and left to the teeth. Milwaukee-Eldermen Jim Bowl is adamant that it's a bad thing and had a news conference at City Hall with experts who agree with him. But the pro-fluoridation side also held a news conference at the same place. Decarates would be astronomically high if we discontinue water fluoridation, particularly as of the plants and families who already have limited access to those routine don't care providers throughout each municipality. Thursday afternoon at the Common Council Steering and Rules Committee meeting, the Aldermen introduced his resolution to end fluoridation and another to create an oral health program for medically underserved children. With a $540,000, the city would have spent on fluoridation. The debate resumed at the meeting over what's best for Milwaukee's water system and for the 15 other communities that utilize it. The CDC and HHS are proposing decreasing the recommended optimal amount of fluoridation and drinking water. The children's health of the law alliance will embrace the new levels. But Aldermen Bowls counters that by saying the CDC has also recommended fluoride for topical use as in toothpaste, not consumption. Bowls resolution would have to be approved by the committee and then the full council before the city would make any changes to the water system. Live in the newsroom, Beverly Taylor, Fox six news. So it is the city's jurisdiction here. MSD doesn't come into play. The Aldermen can make this decision on their own. "I understand it. That's the way it is." Beverly Taylor in the newsroom. Thank you. It has been happening late at night. Well late at night for those of you who don't work second shift like we do, but the Brewers have been getting their act together this week. And they're doing their very best against the best team in baseball.