Can adrenal fatigue cause hair loss? Let's talk about it. Yes, adrenal fatigue can cause hair loss. Adrenal fatigue is when your adrenal glands are not functioning optimally because they've been over functioning due to a heightened stress response for a long period of time and eventually they get worn out. You're not producing adequate levels of the stress hormone cortisol to optimally run your system. Too much cortisol production is called cushions to do. So why does adrenal fatigue cause hair loss? Initially, when you're under a major stressor, your adrenals are producing too much cortisol before they get pooped out. Excess cortisol is catabolic, meaning it breaks down tissues, including hair follicles. The hair loss you see with stress induced excessive cortisol production is usually patchy falling out in clumps. You can lose your entire head of hair. Over time, if the stress doesn't let up and your adrenals are not supported, your adrenal glands become fatigued and no longer produce excess cortisol. You will see excess shedding and slower hair growth, which results in thinning hair. And that's because cortisol has a partner hormone called DHEA, which helps you metabolize protein and fat. If you don't metabolize protein and fat appropriately, you're not going to be able to grow healthy hair. Because your adrenal glands are run under the same hypothalamus system that controls your thyroid, your glucose metabolism, as well as your cellular metabolism, your hair loss can be profound. You'll shed hair more rapidly than you can grow new hair. So how do you get your hair back? First, you need to give your adrenals what they need to heal. I always start with nutraceutical hypothalamic support, because if you don't correct the HPA access, you will not be able to get your adrenals functioning normally. Using Genesis Gold can make a huge difference in treating adrenal fatigue. I also recommend extra adrenal adaptogens, herbs, and glandulars to help your adrenals heal faster, but you must correct the misfiring and the HPA access with the hypovelamic support. Then, if your hormone production is really low, whether it be your thyroid hormones, your adrenal hormones, or sex hormones, you may need bioidentical hormone replacement therapy to temporarily support adrenal function. You cannot help but life throws at you, but you can change the way you respond to it. Your stress reaction is a learned response, which can be changed through many different modalities. You just have to find the one that works best for you. If you have any questions about adrenal fatigue and hair loss, please join me in our hormone support group. You'll get access to our free hormone reboot training. I'll see you in the next video.