Hey guys, Dr. Cole here to tell you about my favorite sleep hack. And it has to do with blue light. Now, you might have heard of the negative effects of blue light, but there are a lot of positive effects as well. Right? Blue light that comes through our atmosphere in the sun is one of the reasons why sunlight energizes and wakes us up. It's daytime. But as the sun goes down, the sky turns orange and amber. Really what that's supposed to do is to decrease the blue light telling our body, hey, it's getting time to be close to bedtime. The problem is LED lights in our home and as well as all of the screens that we have emit blue light telling us, hey, it's still time to be awake. So if you're one of those people like I used to be who thought you were a night owl that around seven or eight o'clock all of a sudden you get this boost of energy, it might not be that you're an idol. It might be the effects of blue light. So one of the ways we can combat that if we still want to live this kind of convenient industrial life is what are called blue blocking classes. Now, as my wife will tell you, these aren't her favorite fashion accessory, but the wraparound style that they have is amazing at blocking blue light. So what about just regular glasses? I know that a lot of people have glasses now that have blue light filters on them. Well, the average blue light glasses that you have that are still a clear color. As it tells you on the box here, really only block about 75% of a small range of the blue light. But these glasses, again, wrap around in this orange color helps to block almost the entire blue race spectrum. Now, when you first put them on, especially at night, everything is a large, but your body does get accustomed to it after maybe two or three minutes. So if you're like me and you like to wind down and you're working on your phone or your computer or you like to end the evening by watching a television show, put these on at the exact same time every night. I have an alarm that goes off on my phone at 830 reminded me to put these on. So the last hour to two hours before I go to sleep, I've got these on. I got to tell you, it's a game changer. I can't tell you how many people I've recommended this to that literally the next day after their first time wearing a call and tell me, you know what, that is the best sleep I've had in a long time. So again, these blue blocking glasses I bought off of Amazon. The brand is Spectra 479. They're about $35. They're more expensive ones on the market. Yes. I've found that these, especially for the price point, are fantastic. So I hope you guys enjoy it. If you get them and you love them like I do and I expect you will, please give us the feedback. I love to hear that. Thanks guys.