So how long does it take to kill parasites? Well, it's kind of a tricky answer. However, the minimum is three months. And when I say parasites, I'm not just talking the big bad mammajamas. I'm talking all stages. So say you get on a cleanse and you're just killing these little son-of-a-gones. If I'm testico, however, they are so smart that they're going to continue on their species and they're going to start laying babies like it's their job. And let me tell you a little secret about those eggs. They don't hatch right away. Generally about one to two months after they're laid, they hatch. That's why one cleanse is never enough. Never. There's more that goes into parasite cleansing than just seeing a tapeworm leaf or liver flukes leave. There's way more to it. You have to make the body inhospitable. So when these eggs hatch and they start feeding off of what you're eating and you never actually fix the problem of what caused your body to be so acidic and prone to parasites, they're going to start eating off of your burgers, your fries, all of the crap that you're eating and the cycles going to continue. Parasites take 90% of our nutrients. And then you want to add in all the cut food we're consuming. You'll wonder disease and sickness exists. Sorry, Alfred and Location Jage. However, a lot of people are going to struggle with eating healthy food, but you have to remember that's not you craving. It's the parasite craving. And when you start cleansing, those bad cravings will go away. To anyone I talk to that is like asking me about how or anything I always suggest you do a parasite cleanse first. I think it's the most vital step to getting your health back. And did I mention that parasites are so amazing that they can send sickness to your brain? What kind of foods you want? I and everybody that is successfully a parasite cleanse can tell you that the cravings were not them and that their taste buds and everything has completely changed. They don't crave the drunk food. They long for fruits and vegetables. So if you're trying to take your health back, consider doing a series of parasite cleansing. Nothing I say. should be taken as medical advice. But if you do need help, hit the link in my bio. You can book a call with me or damn it is going to be out there. And I'd love to talk to you and help you out. Happy healing.