Hello, I'm Dr. Brianna Sinatra and today I want to talk with you about what you can do if you have been told that you are estrogen dominant. So estrogen dominance can happen in a woman's body if either her estrogen is too high or her progesterone which balances the estrogen is too low and that will make her estrogen relatively too high in her body. So if your estrogen is too high, three important areas to look at are First of all, what are the potential estrogens or Xenoestrogens coming into your body? So you want to look at foods that contain hormones such as meat and dairy, make sure that they are organic, make sure that the foods that you are eating don't have pesticides that can act as Xenoestrogens and endocrine disruptors and also different products that you use either in your home or on your body. We want to make clean choices here. Those are some important things in that category to think about. We also want to look at how your body is metabolizing your estrogen. So this can depend on your nutrient status, your genetics, how those enzymes are breaking your estrogen down into the other estrogen metabolites. There are more gentle acting metabolites which are more favorable and more potentially harmful, stronger acting metabolites and we want to shift everything towards that more gentle healthy estrogen, that O2 hydroxy estrogen. And so things that we can do to support that are eating cruciferous veggies. And if that isn't enough, you can also take supplements like cell foraphane or dim and indole three carbonyl. The third area we want to look at is how your body is eliminating your estrogen. So how your bile is binding it up and it is going out through your stool. So if your digestion is suffering, if you are constipated, that is definitely an area you want to look at. You also want to look at your microbiome and your esterobolome to see if everything is optimal in that area. One thing I love to recommend to my clients is to eat ground flaxseeds, not only are ground flaxseeds phytoestrogens. So they bind out your body's stronger estrogen, creating a gentler acting estrogen effect. which is great in a high estrogen scenario in your body, but it is also a great fiber which can help keep your bowels healthy and regular and you can help move that estrogen out in a healthy way. So those are three great areas to look at. I hope you learned something and you can apply that to your health just in general. It is wonderful, but it is also wonderful if you have been told that you have estrogen dominance. Take care. you