Greetings everyone. Welcome to Nutrition Made Simple. You know, I sometimes feel like I'm a Christopher Columbus and I'm going out and trying to discover new lands. I know that sounds silly, but I love experimenting, looking into and deep diving into certain mechanisms of health. Do you have chronic pain as we get older? I'm talking just like not brokenness, but stiffness and gaxi feels like you're getting rusty inside. Well, I do too. I mean, I've had this hip issue, which is a different situation, but most of our aches and pains just might be fixable. And that's even without glucose amine and joint supports. A lady named Sally Norton has just written the very first book on what we call oxalets. What are oxalets? It is a crystalline substance that's almost like broken glass, and you'll never guess where it comes from. Healthy foods. B well labs here at Nutrition World. Marlene finally got a blood test for oxalets. I did mine about a few months ago. Mine were skyrocketing. And so I go on and I learn everything I can. Deep dive from PubMed all the way through. There's very little literature on it, but I have gone on a low ox that diet, reduced mine about 30% at this point by taking a few nutrients, but also eliminating a few like turmeric, curcumin, spinach, kale, guacamola, a lot of beans. Many things have these oxalets that are not digestible and they get stuck in joints. Well, guess what I found? It didn't really help my hip because that's a different issue, but it helped every other aches and pains. My elbow that has been hurting for a year. My heel. Everything has gone down 80%. I'm going to be riding the protocol and the advice that I want people to know if you want to experiment with doing low oxalets for chronic pain. I think it's worthy. You can get worse before better because those crystals start coming out and they can actually aggravate it, but then you get far better once it passes the system. So just want to throw that out for a put a bug in your ear. And if you've got chronic pain and you're an experimenter, this cannot hurt you by doing this. So here I am wanting to empower everybody for better health. Thank you. you