Hi I'm Jasmine Besman and today we're going to make low histamine recipes. This recipe is for anybody who wants to have a dipping sauce for spring rolls or summer rolls or maybe for salads. It's really tasty and it has barely histamine. So if you guys want to see more low histamine recipes then please tell me in the comments, follow for more, and I will show you more recipes soon. First of all I'm ready to take a bag of macadamia nuts. Then I'm going to add a small splash of olive oil. And now let's mix. Then you take the bowl and you put in a tiny amount. Then we add ginger, onion powder, garlic powder, tiny bit of cumin, add some water. I use lukewarm water that is easier to mix. Salt, a tiny bit of pepper. Now I'm going to make some low histamine summer rolls. It's really easy. You just need a rice paper and then you dip it into warm water so it's soft. Then you take it out, let it drip off, and you transfer it to another plate. And when it's on the plate you can put your fillings inside of it. I use chicken because it's also low histamine and bell peppers. Some people can handle bell pepper though because of seasonal allergies so you should just try out. coriander lettuce. I will add some these sprouts but you don't have to add them because some people say that they do have bell bones when they eat them. So you should just test it because everybody's individual and we're going to roll it up. And there you go. You have a little summer roll. So let's see how it tastes. Mmm. That's just to be the sauce is so amazing. You will not regret it. It is so good. I love it. And if absolutely kills my paintings for something Asian because when I have problems with histamine, especially in the hay fever season, then I can't have things like soy sauce as much as I usually could in winter when they are now, um, pulling outside. Let me know in the comments if you've tried this recipe. and what you think about it. If you guys want, you can also send me your favorite meal and I will try to make a histamine free or low histamine version out of it. Mmm.