Now to the latest on a social media weight loss craze. It's called Berberin. Some folks are saying it's nature's osympic. It's a dietary supplement that's taking the internet by storm because some users claim it can actually reduce your appetite and help you drop pounds. The supplement popular with those who are looking for cheaper alternative to weight loss drugs. But just how effective is Berberin? We brought in senior medical correspondent Dr. John Torres to answer that question. So first of all, Dr. John, what is it and what about about this claim that folks are making on the internet? I need legitimacy to that. So Berberin is a natural supplement. It's been around since around 1917 when originally it was used as a dye and then it's when they found out it had some medicinal benefits. And there are a few things we think it works for. Cholesterol seems to be able to lower cholesterol a little bit. Blood sugars, it can help maintain blood sugars. Weight loss doesn't work with low weight loss. But it is available without a prescription. And because of the social media craze, people are starting to take it thinking it can help weight loss. Studies have shown it doesn't really help that much at all. Yes or thinking that it's working for them. So if they do take it, is there any bad side effects from taking that kind of a thing? So if you're taking Berberin at a regular level, which is 1.5 grams or less a day, then there really is no side effect to it. There really is no harm other than possibly getting stomach issues, bloating, gas, constipation, those kind of things. If you have liver or kidney problems, you want to be careful. If you're pregnant, you want to be careful as well because it could affect the fetus. And so those are the people you want to be extremely careful with it. But otherwise, it doesn't really affect you much. Thank you very much. By the way, you can find out more about it on our website as well today dot com. Hey, thanks for watching. Don't miss the Today Show every weekday at 11 a.m. Eastern 8 Pacific on our streaming channel today all day to watch head to today dot com slash all day or click the link right here.