Thank you. Is it a beneficial additive or is it a poison that we consume on a daily basis? That's the debate taking place since a Milwaukee-Elderman proposed ending, putting fluoride in Milwaukee's drinking water. Beverly Taylor reports today two-size-pro and con at their site. It's a relatively drawn and left to the teeth. Milwaukee-Elderman Jim Bold is adamant that it's a bad thing and had a news conference at City Hall with experts who agree with him. But the pro-fluoridation site also held a news conference at the same place. The care rates would be astronomically high if we discontinue water fluoridation, particularly as the plants and families who already have limited access to those routine don't care providers throughout each municipality. Thursday afternoon at the Common Council's Steering and Rules Committee meeting, the Alderman introduced his resolution to end fluoridation and another to create an oral health program for medically underserved children. With a $540,000 the city would have spent on fluoridation. The debate resumed at the meeting over what's best for Milwaukee's water system and for the 15 other communities that utilize it. It is a corrosive poison that the EPA regulates as a pesticide that we put in our water that we don't control for dose. In Wisconsin, fluoridated communities have a 15% lower disease rate in dental disease. So if you remove the fluoride in Milwaukee, you're going to see an increase in disease. The CDC and HHS are proposing decreasing the recommended optimal amount of fluoridation and drinking water. Christmas is once the recommendation is made, the children's health of the law alliance will embrace the new levels. Modern bulls counters that by saying the CDC has also recommended fluoride for topical use as in toothpaste, not consumption. Bulls resolution would have to be approved by the committee and then the full council before the city would make any changes to the water system. Live in the newsroom, Beverly Taylor, Fox six news. So it is the city's jurisdiction here. MMSD doesn't come into play. The Alderman can make this decision on their own. As I understand it, that's the way it is. Beverly Taylor in the newsroom. Thank you. mhm. Late at night. Well, late at night for those of you who don't work second shift like we do, but the Brewers have been getting their act together this week and they're doing their