The following are some things of what to look for in a collagen supplement. So my preferred type of collagen to take as a supplement is a hydrolyzed collagen. And this means being hydrolyzed that it's been broken down into smaller molecules or peptides making it much easier for digestion and absorption and that faster ability for your body to absorb those collagen peptides. I prefer, of course, grass-fed and making sure that the health of those cows and where those cows grew up and their environment is very important to me as well when you're looking for a high quality collagen supplement. As well as being in powder form. I don't like so much taking the capsule forms because I like to actually mix my collagen into a hot beverage, often my coffee, you know, full disclosure. And that's something, you know, that in capsule form and also the problem with capsules is that they may be adding some of those other fillers. So things like magnesium steroid and silicone dioxide, titanium dioxide, and other sometimes synthetic nutrients, so things like synthetic vitamin C, ascorbic acid, if it's not disclosed where that ingredient is coming from in terms of how it's derived, then usually it's synthetically made, which again, I do not like. I always like to take my nutrients and my vitamins from whole food sources. And one more thing that may be in a collagen supplement that I don't like so much is hyaluronic acid and it may be labeled as sodium hyaluronate. Some of the research shows that this can actually increase the incidences of cancers and other problems in the body. So I don't like to ever ingest hyaluronic acid. I prefer that if you're going to use it, you're using it topically on the skin and not ingest it. So today I shared what to look for in a good collagen supplement. I hope that you learned something new, please. If you've got questions or comments, please drop it in the comment section below. Be sure to share this video as well and give me a big thumbs up. If you're new to my channel, welcome in, please subscribe and turn on those post notifications by clicking the bell. Everyone has a calling in life and one of mine is to educate you how to live your life in line with nature. Thanks for watching.