Vitamin D deficiency is a very real and serious problem that can have far reaching effects for your overall health. A lot of people don't realize that they're actually deficient in vitamin D. So here are my five warning signs of a vitamin D deficiency. Number one is low energy. So do you lack energy? Maybe it's first thing in the morning or throughout the day, you find that you're having to have naps and things. Well, this can be a deficiency symptom of that vitamin D. So two is do you get sick often? We know the correlation between vitamin D deficiency and lowered immunity. So that's really, really important to make sure that you're optimizing your vitamin D to help to strengthen your immune system. Number three is back pain. So a lot of people don't make that correlation between having chronic pains, especially back pain and even bone pain as it's related to a vitamin D deficiency. So something definitely to be aware of. And number five is hair loss. So are you losing hair? Is it happening in the shower? Are you seeing a lot of hair loss in your brush? Is your hair falling out throughout the day? Often it's talked about your hair falls in the fall in the season of fall. Why is that? Well, now there's less vitamin D, less natural sunlight exposure, and the hair tends to fall out. So again, potentially that vitamin D deficiency, definitely something to get checked out. So my tips here for optimizing your vitamin D is to maximize your sun exposure and optimize your vitamin D levels. Of course, in the summertime, when you have that natural sunlight exposure to that UVA and UVB. to make sure that your liver and kidneys are cleansed out because we need proper liver and kidney health to make sure that we are actually converting to our active vitamin D. So doing a good regular detoxification, a full body detox, including that liver and kidney cleanse is going to be really important for your vitamin D status. And if you do need to supplement depending on the season where you live, how far you are from the equator, you may need to supplement with a vitamin D3, but making sure that you're getting that proper combination vaccination, also maximizing your magnesium, your vitamin K, and your calcium status to ensure that you have that proper vitamin D conversion and absorption. For more information on how to increase your vitamin D absorption, please check out my video, How to Increase Your Absorption of Vitamin D. I'll see you there.