>> One of our viewers questions and here it is, what is your take on Ashwagandah supplements? >> That is a difficult word to read. This is a very popular supplement that has kind of gained popularity. I think it comes in and goes out, but with social media, you start to see it talked about more. Ashwagandah is made from a plant, it's derived from a plant, and many people think that it finds benefit in helping them reduce stress. There are some small studies that it can reduce something called cortisol, which is that stress hormone that we have. But overall, there's no large studies about this, and it can still be problematic and toxic to your body. It can not only cause liver problems in certain cases, but it can cause something called emotional blunting. But what's most important to know about any supplement is that there's very little regulation on supplements, and so when you're using them, make sure you talk to your provider about them, especially if you're on other medications. >> So basically, as with everything, proceed with caution and educate yourself. >> Absolutely, those supplement hours can be very very enticing, but my personal advice is usually try to avoid them. >> And that makes a lot of sense, and just consult Dr. Darien for all things as we've established. And speaking of consulting Dr. Darien, what is your prescription for wellness today? >> Tips to go to the ER, my specialty. So what do I think patients need when they're walking into the emergency room? What would I hope that they have? Number one, I hope that they're prepared. Grab your list of medications, allergies, any medical illnesses that you have, especially if you're going to an emergency room where you haven't gotten care before. Many people think that we can easily transfer in information, but it's very difficult. Number two, bring a charger. If you're using your phone or your laptop, patients are always asking me in the middle of their emergency. Do you have a phone charger? And so I wish I had enough to give out, but you would be surprised how many people ask. And then the third and most important one, tell your primary care provider the follow up is so important. When you leave the emergency room, I'm hopeful that patients can follow up with their primary care doctor to make sure they get any tests necessary. So make sure you let them know. >> So make sure to do all those things before you have your emergency, because I mean your brain's really not there. >> It's not there often it's not obviously for most that they can't, there's so many things up in the air, but if you can just at least grab a list of your medications, it's really important. >> Great advice. >> And if you have any questions for us, we want to hear from you on Instagram at ABCGMA3. every day, anytime. We thank you for watching and we'll see you in the morning on GMA.