Hey everybody, it's me, Dr. Amy, and it's time for another Tuesday Tip. And this one is kind of a strange one. So, what do pain, MTHFR, and hypermobility have to do with each other? Well, it's kind of an interesting question. We don't know much about this yet. But there's a variety of hypermobility syndromes, which basically mean that skin and also joints extend further than they should, and that does create a lot of pain and pain syndromes surrounding it. And so, if you have joints that hyper extend, or if you have situations like that, or pain that's a little bit unexplained, this might be for you. So, recent research is finding that it's something called Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, which is a hypermobility syndrome. hypermobility syndrome is not actually a collagen disorder. Like, the collagen is involved, but it's not the formation of the collagen. It's a problem with something called decorin. Now, decorin is like the glue that holds your collagen together. So, this affects your joints, it affects all of your soft tissues, it affects your skin. And what they're finding is that decorin needs methyl folate to activate and to work. So, if you don't have enough methyl folate, stick with a lot of people with MTHFR, then you may not have this active decorin that's actually holding your collagen together and giving your collagen integrity. And so, then you can see things like hypermobility, where your joints are, you know, bending the wrong way, or things like this, and this is something that I've struggled with. Or, you know, you can see these kind of related hypermobility syndromes, even if it's not diagnosable as Ehlers-Danlos. something to think about. Definitely, this means we need better acting methyl folate, right, as MTHFR folks, but what else does it mean? I don't know, I think it means we need a little bit more fascia work and maybe some more focus on some of these softer connective tissues. So, we'll explore that in these next few weeks. Thanks for being here. (upbeat music) [BLANK_AUDIO]