So, as a woman, if you have increased visceral belly fat, eating an avocado daily will decrease your visceral fat. Yes, avocado. Some people get a little sketchy about this part, but intermittent fasting has been shown to be helpful, but how you do the intermittent fasting really works. What they mean to say is you do need to control your glucose so you don't become insulin-resistant. So intermittent fasting could mean you eat three square meals a day and you're not snacking in the evening having three hours between the meals. So, yes, some people swear by intermittent fasting. Some people go a little crazy with intermittent fasting. You can't go too crazy because you spike your cortisol. If you have more cortisol, you have more belly fat. But three square meals a day with increased protein, increased fiber will serve you well as a pair of menopause visceral fat kind of girly. You need to be aiming for 25 grams of fiber a day. Like, seriously, the fiber helps broker all sorts of things, but it also helps your hormones. You need more protein. You need one to 1.5 grams per kilogram of lean body weight. So, but women are generally like deficient in protein. And so 30 grams for each meal is like low-balling it. So, I need 25 grams of fiber a day. I need at least like 30 grams of protein per meal. We need that healthy fat, that avocado, which is very healing. And I need you to calm your tuts. I need you to rest. I need you to sleep. I need you to work on controlling your stress. So, you can even do yoga once a week to help create a more zen-like environment in your life because no longer does your body like stress. And then if it has too much stress, it makes cortisol and more cortisol makes more visceral fat. If you have less estrogen, your body also wants to make more visceral fat. So, yeah, there's that. So, these are the things that you're going to have to change to try to make your belly be you will again, if you're pairing menopause. Hit the plus sign and follow for more women's health and wellness tips. Bye.