How do we overcome the cravings of addictive, thoughtful drinks? You do a parasite cleanse because majority of the cravings that you guys have, it's not you having it. A lot of you guys are walking around pregnant. The same way when our goddess get pregnant and she has a whole 'nother being in her womb and she starts craving for things that she never crave for. It's the same thing with you guys. You got a bunch of tape worms, pork worms, parasites and your belly that is literally craving for the garbage, what created it in the first place. You are not born with parasites. When you eat and garbage, your body create the parasites to defend itself, the tape worms. And when you do a parasite cleanse and you get rid of the worms and all that, you will start to notice that a lot of the cravings go away. So basically there's people walking around eating for 200. You got a bunch of meaty worms. You got one, two, three, four big worms inside of your body that are craving. You know, they eat, they poop, they burp, they pass gas inside of your body and everything that they do You know, do something to you. When they pass gas that chemical that they release can put you in a depressive state. It can affect you mentally and emotionally and spiritually because your mind, your body and your spirit are working simultaneously together. So that is why you're craving a lot and you're addicted to a lot of things because you literally have an oak and attic inside your stomach to only think it wants its garbage. And you're going to continue to crave garbage until you get rid of the being that lives on garbage. So for you to get rid of the being that lives on garbage, you have to starve the being and then you feed it the stuff, you know, that kills it, like the real herb, like the wormwood that's in this tea, like the, like the black walnut, like the mug word, like the yarrow, yarrow root, like papaya seeds, you know, like cayenne pepper, like cloves, you know, and a spoonful of castor oil. You take all those things and you put them together, you know, and you consume it, you know, while, while on a healthy stomach, while on a clean stomach, preferably on an empty stomach and you do that for a good amount of days and, you know, you might notice, you know, some little creatures pop, like an accha booty or out your mouth or out your ears or out your eyes or out of you and whatever way shape or form they choose to escape because they feel like the place that where they at, they're not getting treated and they're not getting fed. So now they see that they're dying, they're trying to escape. It's either that or they die inside of you. And when you poop and if you look down, you might notice stuff that don't look like, you know, the poop that you normally see. So, you know, start consuming life and you'll get rid of death. You want to get rid of death, don't consume death, don't feed it.