Hello, my name is Daniel and I'm a nutritional therapist and today I want to talk about how an issue with your thyroid could be the underlying cause of why you may be struggling with weight loss or have even been experiencing weight gain. If you're struggling with weight loss or find that you're steadily gaining weight despite your best efforts, it might be worth investigating whether these issues are stemming from an underactive thyroid gland. You see, thyroid hormones are necessary to regulate your metabolism as well as being vital for fat and glucose metabolism. So you could see how a poor functioning thyroid could contribute towards difficulty losing weight or even cause weight gain. Symptoms which suggest an underactive thyroid gland are fatigue, increased sensitivity to cold, constipation, dry skin, weight gain, puffy face, hoarseness, muscle weakness, elevated blood cholesterol levels, muscle aches, tenderness and stiffness, pain, stiffness or swelling in your joints, heavier than normal or irregular menstrual periods, thinning head hair, slow heart rate, depression, impaired memory and in large thyroid gland, also known as a gorder. There's a few potential reasons why someone may develop an underactive thyroid or hypothyroidism. This could be from the autoimmune disease Hashimoto's thyroiditis where the body produces antibodies which attack the thyroid gland. There's also hyperthyroid treatment which can also lead to hypothyroidism. There's also thyroid surgery and radiotherapy which can affect the thyroid gland. And then there's nutritional deficiencies which can lead to hypothyroidism like deficiencies in iodine, selenium, zinc or iron. The overconsumption of gortigens which can block the utilization of iodine can also lead to hypothyroidism. And this would be foods like raw cabbage or raw broccoli as well as cassava root and soybeans. If you suspect you may have an issue with your thyroid, I would recommend speaking to your GP or a healthcare practitioner to get the relevant test done. This would be TSH or thyroid stimulating hormone as well as free T3, free T4 and it may also be a good idea to get antibodies tested to see if there are any underlying autoimmune issues affecting your thyroid gland. Well, that's it for me. If you enjoyed the video, hit the like button. Make sure to subscribe or follow and I'll see you next time. you