Here are three early warning signs that you've got parasites. This could be your kids as well. So number one, if you grind your teeth at night, that can be an indication of having parasites. Number two, if you hear a lot of loud gurgling sounds in your gut, that can be related, especially right after you eat, can be related to parasites as well. And number three, changes in your bowel habits. So if your bowel movements don't look like the gold standard S-shaped darksp- You know, parasitology is actually a branch of medicine that we study. The vast majority of parasites lead absolutely no symptoms in human beings. In fact, most of the United States, we are not infested with parasites like third world countries are. We can get them. The largest parasitic infection was actually found in Alaska with brown bears when they ate a raw liver. But let's get real about parasites. If you have them, it's dangerous. It's not something that a cleanse will cure. In fact, there is no parasite cleanse that has ever been demonstrated to be effective against parasites. So you know why? Because the parasites don't just stay in your small bowel. They get out. They go to your liver. They go to your brain. They go to your muscle. And there's a single drug called Prosy Quanto, one pill that will make it better. You can get that pill from your doctor if you have parasites. What does that pill do? It's kind of unique. It unmasks the parasites from your immune system and your immune system goes to work and gets them. Parasites are dangerous. They're not just sitting in the bowel, causing all the typical bowel syndrome that everybody wants to complain about. They're asymptomatic, they're deadly, and they're serious. If you think you have parasites, you can go to your doctor. They can look at a stool sample or a microscope, or send it to pathology. And if their egg's there or their worm's there, you will get treated. You don't need a parasite cleanse. You don't need a supplement. You don't need a gut detox. And you certainly don't have to worry about your gut rumbling after dinner. That's just called normal bowel movements.