Introducing the insulin herb also known as berberine by EZY Absorb. Berberine, also known as the Ayurvedic Miracle Plant, has been traditionally used as medicine for centuries by the Indians and Chinese. In recent years, due to the increasing trend towards natural botany solutions, Western societies have only been made aware of its impressive medicinal benefits. The anti-hyperglycemic potential of berberine has been confirmed by multiple human studies. The growing numbers of research papers published in various prestigious journals, including the Journal of Metabolism, evaluated and confirmed the anti-diabetic potential of berberine. How does it work? This is similar to how pharmaceutical drugs work. One of the main actions of berberine is to activate an enzyme inside cells called AMP-activated protein kinase. This enzyme is sometimes referred to as a metabolic master switch. It is found in the cells of various organs, including the brain, muscle, kidney, heart and liver. This enzyme plays a major role in regulating metabolism. Many studies show that berberine can significantly reduce blood sugar levels in individuals with type 2 diabetes. In fact, its effectiveness is comparable to the popular diabetes drug Metformin. Berberine may also be effective as a weight loss supplement. In a 12-week study in obese individuals, 500 milligrams taken three times per day caused about five pounds of weight loss, on average. The participants also lost 3.6% of their body fat. The researchers believe that the weight loss is caused by the improved function of fat regulating hormones, such as insulin, adiponectin, and leptin. It has been proven that it also lowers cholesterol and may reduce your risk of heart disease. Berberine may also have numerous other health benefits. It acts as an anti-depressant. It can reduce the spread of cancer cells. It acts as an antioxidant and also an anti-inflammatory supplement. It fights harmful microorganisms, including bacteria, diseases, fungi, and parasites. It also reduces fat buildup in the liver. The bottom line is that berberine is one of the very few supplements that are as effective as a drug. It has powerful effects on various aspects of health, especially blood sugar control. Follow the link in the description below to place your order.