Are you feeling fatigue and maybe not having as much energy as what you think you should? Are you overweight or having difficulty maintaining a healthy body weight? Well, maybe it is time for doing a liver detox. And the following are six warning signs that your liver is toxic and it's time to do that liver detox and part of a full body detox. So warning sign number one, do you have red eyes? Maybe your eyes have a bit of a yellow tinge. Maybe your skin is a little bit yellow tinge. Sign that your liver is toxic. Sign number two is that if you get chronic headaches. So I'm talking about headaches that maybe are coming and going. Maybe they are chronic for you. Could be once, twice a week, once a day, even a sign of liver toxicity and it's time to do that liver detox, especially what I call toxic headaches that come along with some nausea. You may have tight trapezius muscles as well. So when we take a look at Lucy here, we know that the is actually a reflex area of our liver. So when we are always tight in this area, that can be an indication that it is time to do that liver detox because of that liver toxicity. As well as sign number three, if you have itchy skin, that again can be a sign of needing to do that liver detox. Sign number four is a lot of fatigue. So you just don't have that get up and go energy. You're lacking in that energy that you think you should have could be time for your liver detox as part of your full body detox. And sign number five, weight gain. Maybe you're bloated as well. And this is a chronic issue for you. You have difficulty losing that weight. You're holding on to excess water weight as well. Another sign of that liver toxicity, it's time to do that liver detox. And warning sign number six of needing to do that liver detox are stools that are lighter in color and they are floating. So of course, it's not going to look really yellow like this. This is from my poop platter showing you that yes, those light floating stools could be an indication that it's time to do that liver detox. So what are my tips? One of them is to do a liver detox and use this herbal medicine in combination with others to detox your other organs. I love milk thistle. Now milk thistle not only helps to detoxify your liver, but helps to regenerate healthy liver cells, which is very important for your overall health. So there you have it. The six warning signs that your liver liver is toxic and it may be time for you to do that liver detox. Now for more tips, how to do a full body detox, check out my video, nine ways to detox and cleanse for a total body detox. One of my goals to teach you how to empower yourself over the healing of your own body, mind and spirit. Be well. you