Hello, let's talk about parasites. So first and foremost, it's very important that you do two rounds of parasite cleansing. The reason being is that as parasites die off, they lay eggs as a survival mechanism. So it's really important that as you go through the first round, three weeks after you finish, you want to do another round of herbal parasite cleansing so that we can kill the eggs as they begin to hatch, but before they become adults and lay eggs again. So now that we've talked about that, I want to talk about some of the parasite symptoms that you might have as they begin to die off. Now, you may not experience any of these symptoms and they look different for every single person, but I find that it's really helpful to have some awareness about may occur as you go through parasite cleansing. So some of the things that you might experience are bloating. As parasites die off, they release carbon dioxide, which can create a very bloating sensation. Usually this clears up within three to four days, but again, this can look different for every person. Another thing that might happen is you may feel really strong emotions like anger or sadness. So parasites actually have a connection to our brain. A lot of our neurotransmitters that affect our mood are actually created in the gut. So they're very intertwined with our microbiome, our gut microbiome, which is where the parasites live. So parasites can actually send signals to our brain and they want us to stop. So they don't want us to continue the cleanse as they die off. They might send signals of anger, sadness. You might just feel off and not really sure what a that you're experiencing. So just know that this is usually a sign of parasite die off and very important not to take it too heavy and just try to have some awareness around that and let it ride out. Again, there should be something that resolves within a week or so, again, different for every single person. Another thing that you might experience is really intense cravings for foods that you know you don't want to be eating right now. For example, me, I wanted nothing more than a hamburger in fries when I went through my very first parasite cleanse. So what they're doing is they're sending signals again to our brain through the gut brain axis, telling us to eat the things that they thrive on. So it could be things like sweets, meat, dairy, breads, things that parasites thrive on, but that we know we want to eliminate. So if you feel those cravings come on, just know that you're winning, stay strong, carry on, and don't feed them what they want. We want to get rid of them. So those are just a few of the things you may experience. Well, you might just experience things like feeling a little bit more tired, needing more sleep than usual. You may have headaches or maybe some slight stomach discomfort. All of these things are normal as we go through parasite cleansing and parasite die off. Just be prepared. If you have any questions, reach out to your practitioner, your guide, whoever is guiding you along this journey, and don't hesitate to ask those questions. Nothing is too much information. We're here for you. So just reach out, let us know so that we can discuss and let you know if what you're experiencing is normal and how to proceed and give you some maybe some tips about how to make it just a little bit easier on yourself. Alright, hope this information was helpful and have a beautiful day. Good luck!