Are you deficient in vitamin D and you don't even know it? Well, here are seven early warning signs of a vitamin D deficiency. Number one is low energy. So if you find that you're just struggling to get your energy levels up, maybe you don't have the same kind of energy that you did when you were younger, you could be low in your vitamin D. It's something to definitely get checked out. Number two is low mood, even progressing to depression. This is definitely seen in some of the darker months depending on where you live. With seasonal affective disorder and those low moods because of that vitamin D deficiency and lack of that natural sunlight. Number three is anxiety. So again, affecting that mind-body connection, when you're low in vitamin D, it can actually make you more anxious. So something definitely to have checked in your blood work to ensure that you don't have that vitamin D deficiency. Number four is pain. Yes, especially back and bone pain, especially can be related to low vitamin D status. So another reason to definitely ask your doctor the next time that you visit him or her to have your vitamin D levels checked. And number five is hair loss. So when you are low in vitamin D, you could be experiencing hair loss. This is commonly seen in people who live in temperate climates like I do here in Canada when our season is changing into the colder months. And this is something that of course happens every year. A lot of people do experience that hair loss. And not everybody can put that correlation together with lack of natural sunlight. And now the hair is falling out. People say that the hair falls in fall. Well, is it because of your low vitamin D and number six is getting sick all the time. So do you suffer with colds and flus, especially as the seasons are changing and lack of that natural sunlight exposure. Well, it could be related to your low vitamin D as well. And number seven is weight gain. So if you see those numbers creeping up on the scale, it really is important to check your vitamin D status because it could be related to low vitamin D. And that's why your metabolism isn't running at full speed as it should because you're low in that vitamin D. Now, for more information about why you may not be absorbing your vitamin D properly, please check out my video, 10 factors that may disrupt your body's vitamin D absorption and what to do about it. I'll see you there.