According to recent studies, microplastics may be prevalent in our daily lives. Tiny particles of plastic have been found in human lungs and blood. Dr. Sheila Sathirnaya is a University of Washington medicine pediatrician and an environmental epidemiologist. I think it's important for people to realize that we're all exposed. Everybody is exposed to these kinds of chemicals in our industrialized world. And so the goal is not to get to zero exposure, it's to try to reduce your exposure as much as possible. Commonly used plastic products such as water bottles and food storage containers may contain potentially harmful chemicals. In our daily environment, we use plastic all the time. And then that leads to plastic being in the air, it leads to it being in the dust, and unfortunately it leads to it being in our food supply as well. Dr. Sathirnaya offers strategies to reduce microplastic exposure. If you can really reduce your use of single-use plastic bottles or single-use tableware, you can likely reduce your microplastic exposure. She said to consider alternative materials. Instead of a plastic cup, you know, trying to use a stainless steel container or to use glass Tupperware instead of plastic Tupperware when possible. Those are some of the alternatives that people have and there's more and more of those kinds of products on the market. We recommend, there are other things that we recommend as well, we recommend not heating food in plastic containers because chemicals leach from that plastic into the food product. And then we recommend just keeping your general environment clean. So taking your shoes off when you enter your house, picking up dust as much as possible, vacuuming, that will also reduce your risk of exposure. She also said that storing acidic food in plastic products for extended periods can release chemicals that leach into food. I don't want to alarm people that if you buy, you know, some kale in the grocery store and put it in a plastic bag that your food is contaminated, you know, that's really not what we're talking about here. We're talking about more heating plastics and long-term use and degradation of plastics. So we recommend that people also don't dishwash their plastics because there can be long-term degradation. Dr. Sethi Arnaya said that fostering a healthy and supportive home environment can really help to minimize exposure to potentially harmful microplastics and chemicals. We know that a very healthy and supportive home environment can really counteract some negative harms of these kinds of chemicals.