What is bioavailability? Bioavailability is simply the difference between how much nutrient you put in your mouth and what comes out the other side. That difference, what the body takes in, what the body absorbs, is the ratio or the quotient of bioavailability. Now, unfortunately, most dietary supplements have very low bioavailability, and that's true even for medications, whether it's an over-the-counter, a prescription, even topical things that you put on the skin that you don't take through the mouth. All these things typically have low bioavailability, meaning that not only are they not very effective because a lot of the active ingredient is not being utilized by the cells, but you're actually wasting your money, too, because that low bioavailability means the body never utilized it. So, companies, fortunately, biochemistry through the brilliance of a lot of people much smarter than me out in the world have discovered techniques or ways to be able to increase bioavailability. Now, water-soluble vitamins and minerals, things like vitamin C, calcium, magnesium, electrolytes, these water-soluble molecules are actually much easier to absorb than things that are fat soluble. I mentioned curcumin, that's a fat-soluble molecule, but things like vitamin A, vitamin D, vitamin E, vitamin K, these are all fat-soluble vitamins as well. So, it's difficult for the body to absorb or to take in these fat-soluble nutrients. And one of the things the small intestine does is it creates something called a mycel, and a mycel grabs that nutrient and then it pulls it across the lumen in the small intestine to then be able to go into the bloodstream to go out and do its work, do its phenomenal work in that cell somewhere. So, through technology, you can see here that with creation of mycels, which would be some sort of a lipid outer barrier, and then you have the active ingredient inside that, you can see this representation here is that a lot of the nutrients, the ones that are not circled in blue, these are things that are going to be very low bioavailability, they're fat-soluble, and they're going to end up going out into the toilet. And unfortunately, if you're lucky, you might have a product that would be 25% bioavailable. But with the technology of using mycels, you can encapsulate all of those nutrients into a mycel. And now, rather than sending your nutrients and your money down the drain, you actually send those nutrients into your body to be able to do its work and to be able to function properly and to help give you a better product and a better result on top of it.