Hi guys, welcome to the tooth files. My name is Saba, your friendly YouTube dental hygienist. And today, we are going to talk about fluoride, the good and the bad. Let's start with the good. There is a strong scientific evidence showing that fluoride can help prevent dental decay in both children and adults. It can also help prepare your small cavities when they are at their early school. So as far as cavity protection goes, fluoride is a great ingredient. However, you might have heard about fluoride toxicity and dental fluoresis. And you may be concerned about how this affects you and your family. So let's talk about it. So this really is a concern with young children living in areas with fluoridated water. Yes, that fluoride is protecting their teeth against cavities. But what happens is that young children cannot spit out the toothpaste. So the fluoride in their paste, combined with the fluoride in the water, can cause dental fluoresis. Another concern with fluoride is fluoride toxicity. Again, this is an issue with ingesting too much fluoride. If you do happen to ingest too much fluoride, short term, you may experience upset stomach, nausea and vomiting. There is also research suggesting that ingestion of fluoride, beyond the safely tolerated dose, may cause a skeletal fluoresis. Which means that fluoride will get absorbed into your bones and increase the risk of bone fracture. Having said that, I want to be very clear. Fluoride toxicity happens when you ingest a large amount of fluoride beyond the safe and safely tolerated dose, and not by putting fluoride toothpaste on your teeth. But if you were so inclined to snack on your toothpaste, you would have to eat more than two tubes of toothpaste to cause fluoride toxicity. And as a dental hygienist, I highly advise against that. The good is fluoride can help prevent cavities in both children and adults. The bad is, in young children, ingesting too much fluoride can cause aesthetic problems like fluoresis. toothpaste. Give your teeth some extra protection. And if you have young children, put a very small amount of toothpaste on their brush and help them with brushing. Alright everyone, thank you so much for watching. I hope you liked this video. If you did, please like and subscribe and I will see you in the next one. Bye.