Number Scar There are many ways in which our body benefits by drinking milk. It contains calcium, potassium, vitamin D among many other things. It is also good for secreting happy hormone called as serotonin and for inducing good sleep in Ayurveda. It is stated that milk has heavy oily and cooling property. Hence, it is not easy digestible. The Ayurvedic way is to drink cow's milk by heating it just before use. Heating milk makes it easier to digest. In some villages, people drink raw milk. Raw milk is milk from cows, goat, ship, camel and other animals. That is neither being heated to more than 40 degrees Celsius nor undergone any similar treatment. Although, raw milk has a higher nutritional content. It may contain bacteria like E. coli, listeria and salmonella. It is not advisable to drink such milk because it may cause vomiting, diarrhea and other such serious intestinal problems. It is for this reason that pregnant women, elderly, children and those with a weaker immune system should completely avoid drinking raw milk. Hence, oil milk is always better than the raw milk. Ayurveda also suggests that the combination of spices should be added to milk to even make it easily digestible. When milk is digested properly, it not only nourishes the body but calms the mind and balances our emotions. Milk helps to balance wath, pith and kapadosa and is good for everybody. When you are drinking milk, do a cup of warm milk. which you are taking every day and pinch of turmeric powder and a pinch of black pepper powder. On some days, you may try even adding some cardamom or cinnamon powder, a pinch of ginger powder or a half-pinch crushed ginger and observe how it helps your health. For others, it is good to drink a cup of milk at bedside which will give you proper digestion and it would help you to get a good sleep. For children, drinking milk early in the morning is recommended. When I was growing up, my family had a cows in the property. These cows were well fed and cared for with lots of love and reverence. These feelings of being well looked after. In home breed cow is transferred into the milk they give and therefore, such milk provides nourishment and it really heals the body. As I mentioned before, according to Ayurveda, first boil the milk properly, add some spices and then you may drink it either warm or cold to get its multiple benefits but drink milk. Namaskar.