Hi everyone, Razzam Shearer from 6-R Park Development and today I want to talk about creatine, the most widely studied ingredient available. In fact, there's been more than a thousand clinical studies and the international society of sports nutrition established creatine monohydrate as the most effective ingredient available to athletes and active individuals. So what exactly is creatine? It is a molecule that's naturally produced within your body from three amino acids. And how it works is that it replenishes ATP, your body's key energy source and your primary metabolic fuel for all high intensity short exercise. So think about that as those first 30 to 45 seconds of explosive muscle contractions or movements when you are active. And the key benefits of creatine are that it can enhance your brain against muscle strength and recovery. The research will show that on average, active individuals can put on about two to five pounds of muscle in four to 12 weeks. That's compared to just exercise alone. And you can also increase strength by about 20% versus just resistance training alone. And then in terms of recovery, it can help elevate and enhance glycogen replenishment versus just carbohydrates alone. So what do you take creatine? Well, there's two key ways that you can take it. One is the loading protocol. And then the nonloading protocol. So when it comes to the loading protocol, what you would do is you would take five grams of creatine four times a day for five days. And then after that, what you do is you take a maintenance dose. And that maintenance dose is usually three to five grams of creatine per day to sort of maintain optimal levels of creatine within your muscle. So that protocol is for those, you know, may not have taken it before. And you also want to kind of fast forward and saturate your muscles right away. So you can get those benefits from creatine. The other is the nonloading protocol. So this is for those that may already be taking creatine or aren't necessarily in a rush and may not want to take also the high doses initially. And what you do is you just simply take three to five grams of creatine per day and you just take that consistently to ensure your muscles are always sort of primed with enough creatine in them to get those results. So just to recap, creatine is the ideal supplement for putting on muscle enhancing strength as well as overall recovery from exercise. And you have two different ways that you can take it. One, the loading protocol or just nonloading protocol and you just take it daily. So highly recommend that you try a high quality creatine product, something like our 100% creatine or our creatine X3 from six star. That's all for now. Thanks everyone.