So a lot of the things that you think that you hear about Ashwagandha are side benefits of sleeping better and decreasing that stress response. But that's where Ashwagandha works. I totally forgot that I had talked to Dr. Anobi Jin said that she recommends it for perimenopausal women. Because again going nerdy, scientific, the adrenal glands are responsible for both things. The stress hormone and the sex hormones. So if you're being chased by a lion, your body doesn't care that you're ovulating or that you have testosterone. They care that you can run away from the lion. So your body will always prioritize stress hormones. And that's where you're on the stress. Exactly. So that's why as long as your body's always think that it's under attack and that it's stressed, everything else is going to be in the back burner. But what happens when you are on the stress, your digestion doesn't work. Why? Because your body is sending all its blood to the brain and muscles so you can run and focus and get out of there. Yeah, we don't have resources for that right now. It's not a priority, sorry. We can't have you stopping in the woods. Exactly. That's why you should not eat before you go on a marathon because you're not going to digest. Your blood sugar goes up because you need sugar. Your blood pressure goes up. So that's what happens. That's what people have to manage their stress. I actually did once here a lion analogy that I really liked. We used to be running from lions in the woods. Now the lion is traffic in our jobs and we still have fear every day and stress because we don't know where that lion is going to show up. We have constant stress. Like I said, we can be biological because there are toxins in the environment. The way that we eat, we eat a lot of pesticides. That causes stress. And then we've got children in deadlines. And then we have perceived stress that maybe it's not there. So we don't live in a constant state of stress. That's where Ashwagandha comes. That's why I was telling you that I looked at Google Trends and Ashwagandha, like the search for Ashwagandha has more than double in the last 12 months. It's surpassed green juice. So there's an interest. Obviously people living under stressful conditions and there's an interest to learn more about Ashwagandha. That's why I'm happy that we're doing this because obviously to want to learn more about it.