The village of Holman is once again discussing the issue of fluoride in its water. In 2008, you'll remember voters passed a referendum to begin using the chemical treatment. It was finally implemented in 2011 but only for a week when board members voted to suspend it until new guidelines were approved. News 8's Paulie Lee joins us now with more on why the issue is still a concern today. The first time, we switched the type of fluoride, one that's more in line with the new guidelines and one they say is safer. However, switching to the new fluoride comes at a cost of thousands of dollars in equipment changes. But, safer or not, not everyone agrees consuming any fluoride in water is a good idea. Whether it's in a foam or a gel form, using fluoride is a common practice at Midwest Dental and Holman. Protecting teeth and making them stronger, especially in kids, is very crucial as their cleansing habits haven't entirely been developed. Dr. Joseph Weber says many of the patients he sees come from rural communities where well water is only available. Also, the village of Holman currently doesn't provide fluoride in its water. And because of these two reasons, he often prescribes prescription fluoride tablets for patients to help protect their teeth. Dr. Michael Berkley at the Barge Chiropractic Clinic in La Crosse while fluoride may have its benefits in external use, consuming it in drinking water just isn't safe. They have linked it to pituitary gland issues, to thyroid gland issues, to dental fluoresis. That's very difficult to prove whether one way for it or against it. Because there's no way you can tell what's going to happen over the course of a lifetime at the cellular level by ingesting a tini toxic chemical. He says even though the village board will be implementing the chemical treatment in the future, he would rather everyone had a choice. It just makes good common sense that the cleaner the water, the cleaner the air, the better it is for you. Now we also reached out to the village of Holman's Public Works Department, as well as the chairman of the board for more information about the change in fluoride and the costs that come with it, both were not available for comment today. Thank you, Pauline. Members of the Village of Holman Public Works Board will meet tomorrow night to further discuss the issue.