The gut microbiome is a system of our body whereby we have trillions of micro bacteria living in our stomach and intestines and those micro bacteria actually signal chemically to the brain and the immune system and our hormone systems of our brain and body in order to make sure that for instance we make adequate amounts of neuromodulators such as serotonin and dopamine which regulate our levels of mood alertness and motivation as well as immune molecules that protect us from infection and that provide barriers to illness of various kinds. The other thing that's important for the microbiome is to get sufficient levels of fiber. Of course we can get this from food. There are also non-food-based sources of fiber. If people need to supplement with fiber they can do that as well. The first is to make sure that we are getting adequate amounts of quality macronutrients, those proteins fats and carbohydrates, every single day and that we are careful to include fiber in our diet. In addition it is important that we get adequate levels of vitamins and minerals either from food or from food supplements or a combination of food and food supplements. And the third way to support our gut microbiome is to make sure that we are getting adequate levels of micronutrients that in general cannot be found in foods, in vitamins or minerals. These are going to be the prebiotics and prebiotics or plant-based or herb-based compounds that really support the diversity of the gut microbiome. Diversity of the gut microbiome is one of the hallmarks of gut microbiome health. It ensures that we have adequate ranges of different microbacteria that can signal to the brain, to the immune system and to the hormone systems of our body to ensure that we are making enough of those neurotransmitters, making enough of the immune molecules and making enough of the hormones that lend themselves to vitality, longevity and health. So the key thing to keep in mind is that we always want to strive for quality nutrition. We want to make sure that we are getting adequate amounts of vitamins and minerals either from the foods we eat or from supplements or both. And that there is a range of different probiotics, prebiotics and plant-based and herb-based compounds that can support the gut microbiome but that are not found in foods and therefore have to be provided through what is called foundational supplementation.