As someone who has spent a large portion of her life consumed with health issues, I highly suggest you listen to this. It's not very mainstream. A lot of people aren't talking about this mutation, but a lot of people have it. It's supposed to normally convert through this enzyme to the active form called methyl folate, and it has a whole series of actions that occur after that. So basically, this condition is a defect that blocks full capacity of conversion of the inactive to the active form of B9. That's all it does. That's the simplicity of it. Well, conversion, I'm saying it might convert somewhat, but it's like 40% to 70% defective. So you make a lot less than you should. So it doesn't convert. And that leads to a whole series of chain reactions that occur within the cell. I'm not going to even give you these names because it's not important. What you should know is that having a defect in this gene will give you a series of symptoms. And if you have these symptoms, then you should go get checked and make sure that you don't have this. It's because, believe not, it's quite common, but there's a solution for it. Number one, it can affect your heart, coronary heart disease, stroke, high blood pressure, dimension. It also affects the natural anti-inflammatory. So you end up with inflammation, fibromyalgia, achy joints, arthritic type pains. You also have the inability to detoxify in your liver, especially heavy metals. Especially iron. So if you consume foods that have heavy metals, it can be very dangerous to your liver and your body because you lost that function. Very important, especially living in this environment. You also have the inability to make the full capacity of neurotransmitters. I'm talking about serotonin, dopamine, melatonin. So that affects your mood. It affects your cause anxiety, addiction. It can cause a low dopamine, which gives you addictions, addictions to alcohol, addictions to drugs, addictions to cocaine, addictions to smoking. Melatonin is all about sleep. You can't sleep that well. You potentially could even get cancer. So there's all these things that happen. They work on its own. No, it doesn't work that way when you have a mutation. So when you have a mutation, you hold on to a higher toxic load. That's why people such as myself who have detoxed have such massive gains because their bodies were holding on to this toxic load for a long time.