Not sleeping like you use to sleep? Perhaps you're low on magnesium. Magnesium is an essential mineral that plays a vital role in many bodily functions, including promoting restful sleep. As you age, your body may become deficient in this mineral, which can lead to a range of health issues, including insomnia and sleep disturbances. Here are some reasons why seniors may need to take magnesium. Magnesium helps regulate the body's internal clock. Our bodies have a natural circadian rhythm that controls our sleepweight cycle. This mineral helps regulate this internal clock by promoting the production of the hormone melatonin, which is essential for a good night's sleep. Magnesium helps relax the muscles, especially magnesium glycinate. It's known for its muscle relaxing properties, which can help seniors who experience muscle cramps, aches, or restless leg syndrome at night. By relaxing the muscles, magnesium can promote deeper, more restful sleep. It also reduces stress and anxiety. Seniors may experience increased stress with age, which can make it harder to fall asleep and stay asleep. Magnesium glycinate can help reduce stress and anxiety by regulating the production of stress hormones, such as cortisol, which are made in the adrenal glands. You can also become deficient in magnesium over time due to several factors, including decreased absorption. As bodies age, they become less efficient at absorbing magnesium from the food we eat, which can lead to a deficiency over time. Deep magnesium levels in the body, such as high blood pressure medications or certain antibiotics. Water pills can cause you to lose magnesium through frequent urination. Chronic health conditions. If you have a condition such as diabetes or gastrointestinal disorders, you may be at increased risk of magnesium deficiency due to the body's inability to absorb or retain magnesium. It's best to get magnesium from whole foods such as dark leafy greens, avocados, nuts, and seeds. However for sleep, try adding 250 to 400 mg of magnesium glycinate to your supplements before bed. There's a link to the brand I recommend in the description of the video. As always, seek help and recommendations from a qualified physician to ensure you're taking the appropriate amount for your needs. This video is not a substitute for medical advice. Thanks for watching.