Okay. A lot of you have asked me about Arjuna Fatigue. I did a whole YouTube on it, so go ahead and check it out, but I'll give you the short version. Also, don't mind my hair today. I'm not sure why it's extra high. It just decided to do what I want to do today. And we're going to be fine with it. Okay. Arjuna Fatigue. First of all, it's real. Many of your doctors will say it's not real. God bless them. That's awesome. It's real. If you feel very, very tired all the time, of course, go to your PCP, rule out the biggies, make sure you're not in need, make sure you're not sick, make sure you're thorough. It's on point. But if you, everyone tells you you're normal, as you know, I'm going to tell you it's not in your head, test for Arjuna Fatigue. You're going to need a functional medicine provider to order it for you. If you want to work with us, just go on the new method.com or find a functional medicine provider near you. So it's going to be a saliva test. I like to use a company called Labrix because they do a four point test, meaning they check the morning, the afternoon, the lunch, afternoon, right before bedtime. So you get a nice sense of what's going on throughout the day. Quick recap on what Arjuna Fatigue is, right? So adrenals produce cortisol. Cortisol is supposed to be very high in the morning. You wake up feeling amazing. And then throughout the day, it gets less and less and less until melatonin takes over in a perfect world. So it goes gradually low. That's called a phase zero. Everything is wonderful. You feel great. However, anyone who has Arjuna Fatigue is not going to have this perfect curve. And there's three phases of Arjuna Fatigue, a phase one, a phase two, and a phase three. A phase one, it's feeling pretty good. Or in the day, maybe it's a little bit too high or a little bit too low, they're okay. A phase two still feels better in the morning, but a sub-optimal all day. So they kind of look like the curve, but they're not exactly in the right place. A phase three is what I call a flat liner. Their morning and their night is the same. They are exhausted from the minute they wake up until the minute they go to sleep. Now having adrenal fatigue phase three is not life threatening, but it's life altering because you're going to walk around feeling exhausted all the time and you're going to have negative self-talk. Oh, I'm lazy. What's wrong with me? There's nothing wrong with you. You're not lazy, but you have adrenal fatigue. People with stage three of adrenal fatigue, they're going to try to work out to get energized because everyone around them says exercise is energizing. And when they're done with their workout, they need a nap. And then you have a whole negative self-talk. Oh my goodness, why do I need a nap after I work out? And somebody else feels energized because you've used the literal reserve that you have for the day. You've used it in your workout and now you're completely depleted. So really, before you start giving yourself the negative self-talk and thinking that you're crazy or thinking it's your head, have yourself tested for adrenal fatigue. As I said, you can always work with us. We'll find a functional medicine provider near you that will order it for you and get the answers so that you don't walk around thinking it's in your head because it's not. I hope this helps. I'll talk to you guys soon.