So talking about weight loss and the link between low thyroid and leptin resistance. So if you missed my other videos on leptin resistance and what that is, it's really important that you understand that these two things are very much connected and your inability to lose that weight. We need to optimize our thyroid function and that is very much related to our leptin signaling. Now, when we're in a state of having high leptin, which can happen as we put on more weight and we have something called leptin resistance, that this then increases the overall inflammation in our body. And one of the markers for that that can be tested in your blood work is the highly sensitive CRP. So see reactive protein shows inflammation and this can now alter your cortisol levels as well. And what will happen in this inflamed state is that we are now not having the proper conversion of our T4 active thyroid hormone, the T3. So the T4 to T3 conversion in the liver is not happening. Now that excess of T4 because now we have a buildup of that T4 is then shunted over to reverse T3, another thing that can be measured in your blood work. And now that reverse T3 actually inhibits your active thyroid hormone, your T3. So now you have a low T3. Now you're not going to get that fat burning at the muscle level, meaning that you have even in a more increased leptin level. So I know that's a lot of jargon. You don't have to understand any of that, but you can see and appreciate that you're leptin signaling and I've got other videos on how to fix your leptin. So don't worry, check them out. It will help you with your weight loss journey. But today I talked all about weight loss, the link between low thyroid and leptin resistance. I hope you've got some questions or comments for me. Please drop it in the comment section below. Be sure to share this video as well and give me a big thumbs up. If you're new to my channel, welcome in, please subscribe and click that bell to turn on your post notifications. Everyone has a calling in life and one of mine is to educate you to live your life in tune and in line with nature. Thanks for watching.