Hello everyone, my name is Dr. Rice and today we're going to be answering the question, are sports drinks like Gatorade and body armor actually beneficial to you, especially during exercise? One thing that's commonly said about intense exercise is the fact that you lose a lot of electrolytes and these sports drinks are really good at replenishing those electrolytes. What even are electrolytes and what do they do in your body? Electrolytes are ions like sodium, potassium, and chloride. They produce electrical charges in order to maintain the proper balance of water flowing in and out of your cells as well as to conduct electrical nerve impulses. They're also important at maintaining something called homeostasis, which is an overall balance of health. In fact, if any one of these electrolytes get too high or too low, you wouldn't be able to live. So like we said before, the perceived benefit of these sports drinks is that they're able to place these electrolytes efficiently, especially when you sweat a lot. Is this actually true? Well, the answer is it depends. Let me explain. Based on the current scientific studies available, there's actually little to no evidence that these sports drinks adequately keep you hydrated and replace your electrolytes better than just plain old water. In fact, people generally get enough electrolytes that are lost while working out through their diet alone. Generally, if you're training about an hour or less, water is adequate and even preferred because you really don't lose that many electrolytes. However, if you're doing endurance training or rigorous exercise as a performance athlete, you need fuel sources in order to keep those performance levels elevated, which can be in the form of glucose or any type of food. In these cases, the sports drinks act more as a source of glucose rather than a source of electrolyte repletion. The problem with these sports drinks is the amount of sugar that they have in them. These can sometimes be equivalent to having a can of pot or soda for you in the rest of the world. This may not be that big of a deal for one sports drink, but if you're drinking a lot of Gatorade or Powerade throughout the day, that's a lot of calories and sugar that can add up very quickly. Plus, they contain other unhealthy ingredients like dyes and monosodium glutamate. So the general consensus is if you're not rigorously working out or doing extended endurance training, they're probably not the best to drink based on the amount of sugar and the number of calories. If you'd like to know even more information about general health and wellness tips, please visit my website at www.drmitrice.com. Again, thank you and I will see you all on the next one. Bye bye.