Insulin, a hormone made by your pancreas, is essential for life. Here's why. Your body's main source of energy is glucose, a simple sugar that comes from the food you eat. Insulin is released when glucose enters your bloodstream to help glucose get to the cells found in your muscles, fat, and liver. When you have insulin resistance, those cells don't respond. and like they show it to insulin. And when that happens, glucose can't efficiently be removed from your bloodstream or stored for later use. If those cells become too resistant to insulin, your blood sugar levels can become too high, leading to hyperglycemia. And over time, this can lead to prediabetes and type 2 diabetes. While insulin resistance can affect anyone, the following factors may increase your chances. Especially around your stomach, your diet, lack of physical activity, smoking, having a first degree relative with diabetes, certain health conditions like high blood pressure, sleep disorders like sleep apnea, and certain medications. Those who are age 45 or older and have hormonal disorders like Cushing Syndrome or certain genetic conditions are also at risk for developing insulin resistance. Additionally, certain racial and ethnic backgrounds have a higher risk of insulin resistance. Those groups are Asian Americans, African Americans, Latinos, indigenous people from Alaska, indigenous people from the continental United States, and indigenous people from the Pacific Islands. If you have insulin resistance, your pancreas may increase insulin production to keep your blood sugar levels healthy. And if that's the case, you won't have any symptoms. But if your blood sugar levels rise, you may have hyperglycemia and experience the following symptoms. Increased thirst, increased hunger, frequent urination, blurred vision, headaches, vaginal and skin infections, slow healing cuts and sores. While it can be hard to diagnose insulin resistance until it turns into hyperglycemia, it can be treated in some cases by certain lifestyle changes. Like eating a healthy diet, engaging in physical activity, and losing extra weight. If you have insulin resistance, your healthcare provider can talk to you about what to expect and ways to manage it.