Hello, Larco here. Welcome to my channel. Today I want to talk about supplements to help lower blood sugar levels and treat diabetes. The supplement I chose to talk about is Berberine from Easy Absorb. Berberine has been used for many centuries by the Indians and Chinese for the treatment of diabetes. There is a growing number of scientific evidence that Berberine is extremely efficient in the treatment of diabetes. Berberine is just as effective as metformin, but without the side effects of big pharma synthetic drugs. Berberine is a plant extract. It is naturally yellow in color with an intensely bitter taste. Fortunately when taken in capsule form, you can obtain all the benefits without having to experience the unpleasant taste. Effects of Berberine on metabolism. Once Berberine is absorbed into your bloodstream, one of its main actions is to activate an enzyme inside cells called AMPK. It is a powerful enzyme with a number of important functions in your body. Stimulating oxidation, or the breakdown of fatty acids inside the liver. Stimulating the production of ketones, or the breakdown products of fat, to be used for energy. Inhibits the production of cholesterol and triglycerides. Inhibits lipogenesis, or the creation of fat, increases the utilization of glucose by skeletal muscle cells thereby helping to reduce elevated blood sugar levels. The amount of insulin by beta cells in the pancreas, thus helping the control of blood sugar. These actions explain the enormous benefits Berberine has for individuals with insulin resistance and obesity. The good thing about Berberine by easy absorb is the fact that it has milk thistle. The compound in milk thistle called cilimair and helps Berberine to be more effectively absorbed by the body. This is a very important factor in the effectiveness of Berberine by easy absorb. Berberine by easy absorb cannot be purchased at your local pharmacy or retail shops, only through the official website. There's a link to the official website in the description. It should noted that Berberine should not be taken by pregnant women and it is not for children. If you enjoyed this video please leave your comment, hit the like button and share. I hope this video answers to your doubts about Berberine from easy absorb. This video is for information and education purposes only, not to provide medical advice. You should always consult your doctor when it comes to your health, or before starting any dietary treatment.