Do you feel like you drink a ton of water but you never feel hydrated? Now this is a very misleading video from a dietitian talking about hydration. Either it goes right through you, you feel puffy, water retention, maybe so thirsty. This is tricky because she implies that feeling puffy or having water retention or signs of dehydration, which is really not the case. But this pulls in people who are having those symptoms too. Probably because you're actually low on minerals. You can drink all the water in the world but without minerals we will not get that water into our cells. What? No, that's not true at all. For one, water can diffuse straight into cells through the cell membrane on its own. Now if you're into cell by biology you might know that doesn't happen very often because that's a very slow way to get water into cells. But the other way doesn't really require minerals either. Water can move through aqua porens from high concentration to low concentration to move into cells. Now this video is a little bit misleading because in general yes you do need minerals but she's implying two things that are false. One that you can't absorb water without minerals. That's not true. At the cellular level your body has mechanisms in place to facilitate water absorption regardless of the amount of minerals you're taking in. It can move minerals into or out of a cell to affect the concentration gradient to make water move where we want it to move. Two, she's implying that you don't have enough minerals which is possible but it's not likely because usually you get enough minerals from either your diet or from your drinking water because actually drinking water has minerals in it already. Now if you're doing intense exercise it is possible that it would be recommended to drink something with minerals in addition to just regular water and that's because with intense exercise you're losing a lot of electrolytes in a short time through your sweat. But water losses from simple daytime activities shouldn't require that. Drinking water in those cases will keep you hydrated. Feeling dehydrated? Don't try and drink more water. Wait if you're dehydrated don't drink more water. Why would she say that? Does she have something to gain from? And I have a mineral guide that walks you through exactly how to do that.