This is Dr. Gandhi bringing you our next episode of our Ask Dr. Gandhi series. This question this week is from Sharin and she just really wanted to know all about fluoride. So there is a lot to know about fluoride and I'm just going to give you a couple of important tips that will be beneficial to both you and your child. So fluoride is probably the most effective and cheapest way to prevent cavities. And we do that in two ways. The first thing is by the toothpaste that we use and that is a topical form of fluoride as well as you get topical fluoride from your dental professional. The other is systemic fluoride which we get from the fluoride that we drink and by consuming products from the grocery store that are made with fluoridated water. So let's start by talking about the topical applications. The first being our toothpaste at home. So the recommendation is to start using fluoride toothpaste with your child's first tooth. Then being so small we want to be really careful about how much fluoride toothpaste we are putting on their teeth because they are going to be swallowing it. So the recommendation under three years old is just a rice grain or smear size of toothpaste which is just a little bit right here. Once they are three to six years old you want to bump up that amount of fluoride toothpaste to a small pea size amount. Again we realize that they're not going to be spitting everything out of that age but this amount is safe to swallow. This amount of fluoride toothpaste will help strengthen not only the teeth that are in their mouth but the little bit that they swallow will help strengthen the teeth that are developing. So it is really important that you start to use fluoride toothpaste with your child's first tooth. Secondly is fluoride water. So depending on what city you live in the amounts of fluoride can vary. The optimal amount of fluoride is 0.7 parts per million. Now I know here in Westview it's actually 0.3 parts per million so lower than we would like. However it is still a good idea to filter out your tap water and get the fluoride from your city water source. The other way we get fluoride systemically is through grocery store products. It's called the halo effect. So those are products that are made with fluoridated water and then because of that they have fluoride in them as well. Both these types of fluoride act together to help prevent cavities and it really is important to use these products to help keep your child's teeth safe and clean and healthy. If you have any further detailed questions about fluoride please feel free to message me and I'd be happy to go into more detail. I hope this helps. Thanks.