Want to make the most out of the foods you eat? Well, there are some nutrient combinations to help the vitamins from foods get better absorbed. Keep watching until the end for pairings and healthy meal and snack ideas. C increases your ability to absorb all sources of iron. To absorb iron better, here are some pairings. Pair iron-rich leafy greens with strawberries, tomatoes, or oranges in a salad. Pair beans, lentils, or tofu with tomato or bell peppers. Next, calcium is great for strong bones, muscle contraction, and many other body processes. Calcium better by eating it with foods rich in vitamin D. Ever wonder why milk is always fortified with vitamin D? Yep, it's for calcium absorption. Cheese and yogurt usually are too. Caffeine causes your body to absorb less calcium and may lead to weakened bones. So milk in your coffee just cancels out the benefits of the milk. For some great snack ideas to boost calcium absorption, eat dairy, like milk or cheese. But if you don't do dairy, that's okay. Pair some plant-based sources of calcium, like broccoli or kale, with vitamin D-rich foods like fatty fish or egg yolks. Next up, zinc. Protein and low-fitate foods. Foods rich in protein help your body absorb more zinc. But, phytates, like those found in whole grains, beans, and nuts, can block your body from absorbing zinc. But soaking and cooking these reduces the phytate content so soak your beans first. Here are some meal examples to help you get more zinc. Serve oysters or other shellfish over a bed of whole grains, like wheat pasta or quinoa. Make a beef and barley soup or even garnish your meat with a lot of soaked rinsed and toasted nuts. Nuts and seeds are already rich in zinc, but they're also high in phytates. So soak them to lower phytate content and you have a great low-phytate and zinc-rich snack. Lastly, vitamins A and K and fat. Vitamin A is a fat-soluble vitamin, so it must be absorbed along with fat. Make sure your fats are healthy. To better absorb vitamins A and K, make a salad with some leafy greens and add healthy fat, like avocado or olives. Asparagus dipped in guac is also a great choice. And that's it. I'm Nina with iHealth Unified Care. Get started eating and as always, stay well.