The terms hydration and dehydration are all too commonly misunderstood or even misrepresented. Dehydration should not be defined simply as a state of net loss of body, fluid, or water from the body. Nor should hydration be defined simply as a state of having plenty of water in the body. Now, though that type of understanding is far too obtuse, and reductionist, really. So you could take, for an example, an individual who has plenty of body water, but is still dehydrated because their water is outside of the cells. It's compartmentalized somewhere else in the body. So like in the case of an edema, that we would actually see in a cardiac patient, either some pulmonary edema or some lower extremity edema where the feet and the calves and the lower legs are all swollen up. The tissues in the body actually has plenty of water in it. It's in the wrong place. It's not inside the cells where it can actually function. So another example would be a marathon runner who wins time and time again. And oftentimes the winners of these events lose 10, 15, even 20% of their body weight, but still perform optimally and outrun everybody. So these different examples really reveal a different framing that should be understood of hydration versus dehydration. And those terms are better and more clearly understood to reflect function of the water in the body, not just its mere presence. So proper hydration really boils down to water's function in the body, not just its presence. An example of the function of different electrolytes is when different electrolytes are combined with a different substance. So one of the great examples of that would be in a ORS or oral rehydrogen. This is where they would take various salts like a sodium chloride and a potassium chloride and they would add it to dextrose. Now these type of solutions were created originally to combat the loss of water via the bowel in states of diarrhea due to viral or bacterial infection. Now this type of body fluid loss is not the same as loss through respiration or perspiration. So in those particular different cases, each one is better suited to have a different electrolyte formulation and status in the body because as the body loses electrolyte through those various outputs, if you will, different ones tend to be a little bit more concentrated. Just for an example, when you're losing water and fluids through the bowel, it's typically more of bicarb. And so all electrolytes are not created equal and they're influencing the body and their need different states, whether it is recovering from durations of exertion or illness, they're entirely different.