I have two girls and one of them is great and eats a variety of foods and it's the link to Chinese things. And the other one, if it's not some version of mac and cheese or cheese quesadilla, she's not touching it. So I'm hopeful that they just all go through that phase and come out on the other side. So I feel you. I think so much of it has to do with the choices as far as the healthy fats that you are using. And your culinary preparation that I'm making some of the swaps we've been talking about, your children are not going to notice. They're not going to know like what oil you sautéed in or how you meet your salad dressing or okay, you're not offering butter on the table anymore, for example. So I would start there. You could try some of the snacks like avocado and olives. Olives actually are nice sources of healthy fats. My kids actually really like olives a lot. I think they can take them on the ends of their fingers and they think that's cool. And of course, with avocado, they can like smash it up to make guacamole and eat it in a variety of ways. You could try something like that. With the vegetables, there's two schools of thought. One is, could you start to just slide it into other things? And I think from a nutrient perspective, there's value in that. So could you put extra in your soups and stews? Could you puree something that you slide into a baked goods? Could you make more like mixed dishes where they can't pick out every single piece? Although my older one will pick out every single piece. But at the end of the day, we still want them to just be here, that consistent message that, look, these are health promoting foods and they don't have to be your favorite. No one's ever going to say they taste like chocolate take, but you still need to include them regularly and just be persistent over time in the same way we talk to them about, you know, alcohol or smoking. Like it's never the one to message. It's the consistent message over time. And the most important thing is for you to model that behavior. So as long as you're not making a super big deal of it, but they see you eating a wide variety of the foods that you want them to eat, they will come around.