The following are some of my favorite natural thyroid supplements to help with weight loss. So we know that our thyroid gland is most active when we're sleeping. So I actually like to take these right before bed and in combination with one another. So we want to support our natural thyroid function. And the thyroid is reliant on having certain cofactors. One of the big ones, of course, is iodine. And we need iodine to make our thyroid hormones. And I like to always find it from a whole food source. So not from a synthetic iodine that's manufactured, but from seaweed or kelp. Now kelp has some other cofactors that help with thyroid function, including magnesium, potassium, calcium, and boron. And these all help along with the iodine to make sure that the thyroid is functioning optimally. I also love tyrosine. So tyrosine is an amino acid. And when you combine tyrosine plus iodine, this is what makes our T4. And of course, T4 is then converted to T3. Our active thyroid hormone, really, really important. And ashwagandha. Now ashwagandha is an adaptogenic herbal medicine, which helps with our insulin levels. Also helps with balancing our stress and our cortisol balance and helps to quench free radicals that can target the thyroid gland. So that's really important in terms of protecting our thyroid gland from that free radical damage, especially as we want to maintain that healthy metabolism, that burning process happens while we're sleeping when our thyroid is most active. So today I talked all about natural thyroid supplements to help with weight loss. I hope that you have some questions or comments for me. Please drop them in the comment section below. Be sure to share this video as well and give me a big thumbs up. If you're new to my channel, welcome in. Please subscribe and turn on those post notifications by clicking the bell. Everyone has a calling in life and one of mine is to educate you how to live your life in tune and in line with nature. Thanks for watching.