Hi, I'm Dr. Michael Bruce, the Sleep Doctor. I'm a clinical psychologist and board-certified sleep specialist. Today I'm here to teach you how to sleep better and enjoy the benefits of a well-rested, high-performance mind. Today, there is more blue wavelength light than ever. Every inch of our lives is illuminated by lights or screens. Not only is this short wavelength light abundant in our natural sunlight and indoor lighting, it's also plentiful in most energy-efficient light sources, digital devices like phones, tablets, and laptops, and streaming out from all of our gigantic televisions. We are literally being bombarded by blue light from every direction all the time, every day, and it's killing our sleep. So I want you to start thinking about blue light and how it affects you, your energy, and your sleep. Be aware of all the blue light sources surrounding you and how you feel around them, how you feel in sunlight, and how you feel in total darkness. So what can you do? Many of my patients tell me that they use a feature on their phone called a blue light filter, which can be found on most smartphones today. Unfortunately, a recent study demonstrated that these filters really don't work. The study found that the reduction in melatonin levels occurred in its subjects, whether they turned on these apparent filters or not. They still were exposed to blue light. Another way to avoid blue light is to wear these. These lightweight sleep glasses were designed to filter out almost all blue light from every light source, yet enables you to see clearly and crisply. So as the sun goes down and you start to end your day by wearing these glasses, you can avoid stimulation, energy surges, and sleeplessness that results from blue light. It seems simple, but trust me, you'll be amazed at how much better your sleep gets. I want to thank you all for joining me today, and I encourage you to continue watching this series to learn all about the world of sleep, how you can sleep better, and many of my tools, hacks, and knowledge so you can get the rest you deserve and start functioning at your peak performance. Remember to subscribe to this channel and tell your friends about the series so they can also achieve a great night's sleep. I'll see you next time. This is Dr. Michael Bruce wishing you sweet dreams.