What is creating? Creating is our body's basic energy store and it's actually something that we produce on a day-to-day basis within our body. How to take creating? Creating is something that we want to take consistently every day and it's something that we also want to take along with fluid and meals if possible. What is the difference between a creating loading phase and a creating maintenance phase? Creating loading is a way to saturate your muscles more quickly we're creating. So here we look to have about four servings of five grams of creatine over a five to seven day period. When we look at creating maintenance here we're looking to have about three to five grams of creatine per day and all that means is our muscles become saturated after 28 days of supplementation versus a week like you might find in the loading phase. Who should take creating? Creating is an extremely useful supplement for anyone involved in high intensity exercise. So for those of you involved in running around a pitch, powerlifting, tennis and sports like those creating is definitely one to consider. Why women should take creating? Creating can be useful for women involved in high intensity exercise those looking to push the boundaries and improve their power output. So it's definitely something worth considering whether you're male or female. What are the benefits to taking creating? Creating has been shown to improve our sprint performance and will also reduce our time to fatigue between sprints. It can improve our power output also meaning we can train more effectively and get more for our efforts. What happens if I stop taking creating? There are no ill effects in stopping your creating use. You can do so as you see fit and not have to worry about any side effects. Why should you choose kinetic as 100% creating? It's wide a batch tested informed sport approved and the creating monohydrate used is crepeure which is industry renowned for its quality. It's all flavored so it's easily added to recipes. It mixes really well and it's also vegan and gluten free. You guys need to check it out.