Delicious and refreshing apple cider vinegar with cranberry juice for wet loss. Keep watching to find out more health benefits. Here are our ingredients. So as you can see I've got lime, apple cider vinegar, I've got some cranberry juice, I've got some water, I've got some ice and a bit of mint and ginger. So the method is really simple. All you need to really just combine all the ingredients and then serve. So let's do it. That, shall we? So this was 200 milliliters of quality cranberry juice. Now I'm gonna add a juice of half lime. Now add one tablespoon of apple cider vinegar. I use a really high quality one. Ideally used raw and unpasteurized and ideally used with the mud there as well. This is 100 milliliters of cold water. Now just crush slightly those mint leaves. They're about three or four and add them. These are just for more for scent and just for flavor as well. Add a couple of slices of ginger root as well. This will enhance the health benefits and will also enhance the flavor. And a couple of cubes of ice. Be generous, don't be shy with the ice. Now just stir and this is pretty much it. You can drink now. I'm gonna add some cranberries just on top for decoration. And this is really it. Like guys, it takes five minutes. It's incredibly, incredibly easy to make. It just looks so refreshing and it's perfect really on a hot day or anytime really of the day. You can also add even the shot of vodka but this is being really, really cheeky. This is supposed to be really healthy drink anyway. We don't want to spoil away with alcohol but it's so, so, so good for you. Alright, so let's summarize with the health benefits. Now as we know cranberry juice helps the urinary tract so it can help you with UTIs. It can help you kidneys. It also helps this drink itself helps with weight loss. It can help with your heart. It can hydrate you. And these are some of the few health benefits that this drink has. Apple cider vinegar, boosting metabolism, clears you from toxins. with the lime. You really are in for an amazing, amazing drink that is low calorie. It's so, so delicious and it has incredible health benefits. Definitely make it guys. This is a drink I make almost on a weekly basis. It never lets me down. It's so, so delicious and I hope you like the recipe. Leave a comment below and hit follow and I'll see you guys next time. Bye!