Here are four causes of thyroid-related hair loss. I'm Dr. Chiles. Let's talk about it right now. If your thyroid is responsible for your hair loss, then one of these four root causes is almost always in play. The first root cause is low thyroid function, and this one is pretty obvious. If your thyroid is too low, then the stimulation from the thyroid line on the hair follicles will be insufficient, which means that your hair is not growing fast enough to replace what is being lost. The solution to this problem is to increase your thyroid function. You can do that by either taking thyroid medication or taking the right type of thyroid medication, or by using natural therapies such as supplements and lifestyle changes to improve how well your thyroid is functioning. Number two has to do with nutrient deficiencies. There are a number of different nutrients that are all required in order for your hair to grow sufficiently. Nutrients like iron, silica, vitamin B12, zinc, and selenium are all involved in that process. If you are deficient in any of these nutrients, which by the way, your thyroid can't impact, then you are not going to be able to grow your hair because your hair follicles don't have what they need to produce that hair. The solution to this problem is to simply replace those lost nutrients. Now, you also need to be addressing the thyroid problem, though, as I mentioned in number one, because if you don't, then you're just predisposing yourself to developing those nutrients down the line again anyway. Number three is a little bit tricky, and that has to do with your thyroid medication. All thyroid medications have the potential to cause hair loss irrespective of of their dose. So I mentioned previously that low thyroid function can lead to hair loss. That is true. But what I'm talking about here is a little bit different. Your thyroid medication, regardless of whatever you're taking, has the potential to cause hair loss as a side effect. The good news is that even if one thyroid medication causes hair loss, they all won't. So all you have to do is figure out which one works best for your body by using some trial and error to go through various thyroid medications to figure out which one works best. Lastly, autoimmune disease can also contribute to hair loss in the form of alopecia areaada. The number one cause of hypothyroidism in the United States is Hashimoto's, which is an autoimmune disease. And if you have one autoimmune disease, that predisposes you to developing another one. And in this case, one another one of those might be alopecia areaada, which could be an autoimmune form of hair loss. Treating this type of hair loss is a little trickier, but if you focus on your immune system, you'll have the benefit of improving your Hashimoto's thyroiditis as well as the underlying cause of alopecia areaada.