You would find 30 just four months old and already a survivor. A little Carson Lamar is battling short gut syndrome. Tonight he's just reached a major milestone. He's now back at home with his family after being released from Broward Health Medical Center. The coronavirus pandemic put a major strain on his recovery, but he and his family are finally back together. CBS for Steve Goldstein has their story. The words of Dr. Deborah Duro. She's one of the few doctors trained in pediatric intestinal rehabilitation. Along with the staff at the Children's Hospital at Broward Health Medical Center. They cared for baby Carson. He was born March 22nd of this year and had been in the hospital with short gut syndrome until today. His mother Kayla has been by his bedside, able to finally take him home to the Florida Panhandle and reunite with dad Daniel. It's been a long road right from the start. I was terrified and like because of COVID, they wouldn't let us fly with him. So because I had a C session, I couldn't travel that far. So it was very nerve wracking to just know. Due to the pandemic, Daniel would make the 18 hour round trip drive to see Carson from afar. Kayla was the only one allowed in the baby's room. Not being able to experience him growing. Yeah, that's a part of something I'll never be around for. and and it worries me that if something was to happen, just on the road. It's so far away and Kayla is also concerned, but certainly happy to be home in Crestview, Florida. I'm not nervous because I'm very hands on. So I know how to do a lot of this stuff, but I'm nervous because I'm we live like 10 hours away from here. So if something does go wrong, I have some questions. There's not anyone like necessarily break right there to help. There was plenty of help while at Broward Health to make sure Carson is able to make sure that they're all through this and Kayla is appreciative of Doctor Duro and the staff. It's been amazing. They've all been wonderful and they're all very knowledgeable. So it's not like you can ask one person a question and they know the answers like everyone knows answers and they're on the same page. So they work really well as a team, a situation that would be very difficult for any family to deal with. Add in the pandemic and it made this story especially tough, but that's in the rearview mirror for baby Carson, mom and dad. Finally, Steve Goldstein, CBS 4 News.