Hi guys, today I'm going to reveal all about college supplements. So, do the college supplements work? Do they not? Shall I take them? Is it a waste of time? I get to discuss all the time. So, that's the truth. So, the collagen is actually a huge molecule in nature. If you take college supplements in a form of tablets, so very likely one to anything to your skin. Because the molecule is too big. So, whatever you take, your body is not able to absorb it. So, you're literally just going to flush it out. So, in order to be absorbed, it needs to be fragmented into tiny, tiny molecule that we call a peptide, first of all. Second of all, it has to be a specific kind of collagen. So, we ideally want to look for marine collagen because that's the highest of the richest in the collagen fibers type 1, which are the most in the skin. And the third of all is all about the liver system. So, how the scientists have created the drink or the tablets to be able to get absorbed. So, the majority of the collagen tablets that you can find out there over the counter, very likely, they really don't do anything. So, you want to ask your medical professional, your study practitioner, what do they think and their suggestion? What I found in my experience is that I prefer drinks because if you take something in a drink form, the bioavailability increases. So, it means your body is able to actually use whatever you take. So, it has to be a drink for me. It has to be a marine collagen. It has to be peptides and the delivery system. I want to have a look exactly what it is. So, make sure you check with your practitioner so many that you can get and they tick all those boxes. Normally, they are medical grades. So, they are available through your doctor. and so he or she can definitely guide you and help you. But if you're not sure, just wait to ask because it's rather not taking anything to take in the wrong thing. It just make everything heavier in your for your gut. So, I hope these were helpful. So, thanks so much for watching and just make sure you like my video and subscribe to my channel. Bye.