Five on your health this morning. A professional chef and nutrition specialist who is also a Harvard trained psychiatrist, Dr. Uma Naidu is the director of nutritional and lifestyle psychiatry at Mass General Hospital. Doctor, thank you so much for joining us this morning. Thank you so much for having me. Well, you may understand the mind, body connection better than anyone really. So is it really true that we are what we eat? It turns out that it's true and the newer emerging science around the gap brain connection and the microbiome has really taught us that the gut brain connection helps to explain the food mode connection. You're also the author of a best selling book called This Is Your Brain on Food, explaining how diets can really impact our mental health. So for people with anxiety, depression, are there some ingredients you really should avoid? Definitely. You know, I think we know that sugar is not the healthiest ingredient for us. But the problem is that it actually worsens conditions like depression and anxiety. Things like cold cuts and deli meats sometimes have a preservative called nitrates and those worse than depression. So starting to cut out even the simple things that we don't realize are important. As well as the processed, altered process, junk foods and fast foods, these foods actually drive depression worse than anxiety because they sort of follow a lot of unhealthy ingredients. It's hard to avoid these foods, but we just want people to kind of be mindful and try to eat less of them. Most of our viewers are just starting their days right now and they're deciding what to eat for breakfast and all important meal. What is your advice to them? I'd like to make it easy and when you can prep ahead, do that. Simple things. Plain Greek yogurt, if you eat dairy with a little bit of cinnamon for sweetness, which also helps to stabilize your blood sugar, spices, hugely important for brain health and some berries, great rich anthocyanins. Cheer seed pudding, two ingredients coconut milk, chia seeds are rich in protein and fiber, sweetened with a touch of honey and cinnamon and some berries and nuts, and that's a great breakfast. If you consume eggs, some make ahead, little mini quiches, which I like to make in a cupcake pan and you can make them ahead, add them, load them up with veggies because that's another way to get in those fiber and phytonutrients that you need. So as much as you can do ahead, do that and make it easy for yourself, but make sure that it's healthy for your brain. is definitely the way to go there, like when you can just grab the food, right? Dr. Umanadu, nutritional psychiatrist at Mass General, thanks so much for joining us. Enjoy your breakfast. Thank you, Adalajan. Great to see you. (upbeat music)