Florida has been added to the public water supply since the forties as a way to help prevent cavities, but not without controversy. Debates have long raged over its effectiveness and potential dangers. Too much fluoride can affect all your body's organs, including brain impairment and activity. And what's sparking this latest debate is that the National Toxicology Program, which is a subsidiary of health and human services in our government, they reviewed 52 worldwide studies recently and they found brain impact heroin, including lower IQ and babies born to mothers who drank water during pregnancy. The studies were conducted by measuring fluoride levels in urine from both pregnant women who drank fluoridated water and those who didn't. And they could tell very clearly that there was absolute problems with this. And in fact, it was it was confirmed by the National Toxicology Program and all these studies and get this, they found IQ drops as steepest seven points in these babies that were born to mom's drink in Florida. Water supply to three out of every four Americans in the U.S. is fluoridated. Plus we get it from bottled beverages, toothpaste, mouth rinses, dietary supplements and many medications these days. So how much is too much? According to Health and Human Services and all the other government agencies, we're all getting too much. And so in 2015, they actually lowered the amount that was allowed to be putting water supplies, mostly because they noticed that children, two out of five kids, were now getting these spots on their teeth, which is ferocious. And it was just too high. Plus we get it and all those, all those sources, right? So they had to lower it. We're just exposed to too many sources of it. The good news is you can maintain good oral hygiene without fluoride. Brushing and flossing daily. And I mean brushing for two full minutes, spending the time, hopefully twice a day, but flossing at least once a day. You can rinse with warm salt water. That's a great antibacterial rinse. A good diet, right? Getting back to things we learned way back when we were kids. One that's high in vegetables, good fats, ample protein and obviously low in sugar. Get more information at iaomt.org.