Welcome. If you are one of those many, many millions of people worldwide who have difficulty getting to sleep and staying to sleep, magnesium may just do miracles for you. It plays a very important role in tons of bodily functions. Like metabolism, blood sugar regulation, bone health, nerve and muscle function, as well as many other things. And magnesium helps levels of GABA, neurotransmitter, that turns off wakefulness. So this way your brain and body will be prepared for a good night's sleep. And there are many foods that are high in magnesium, like almond, spinach, soy milk, peanut butter, avocados, bananas, as well as other dairy products like eggs, milk and yogurt. To just name a few. And there are many different types of magnesium. Magnesium glycinate and magnesium citrates absorb very well in the body. And if you're taking any other kind of medications, particularly for osteoporosis, like the biphosphonates, as well as antibiotics, diuretics, acid reflux medication, or even zinc, you'll want to take your magnesium away from those medications because it can affect the absorption. And how much magnesium are you really getting? It's very hard to determine because we don't know the soils of where it's coming from and how deficient it's been. So that's why I like supplements. Now, here is the trick. It's always best to take it with a meal or snack to prevent those tummy troubles. And it's always best to take it at the same time every day if possible. When it comes to your sleep, there's no doubt that taking a supplement, approximately one hour before you go to bed, is going to give you the best results. Although when you take magnesium, it's not going to make you feel deep right away like a drug. It interacts with the brain as well as other hormones and chemicals. Some people can still take their magnesium earlier in the day and sleep well at night. Some take half in the morning and half before they go to bed, one hour prior. I think it's best to take it about one hour before to get the maximum dosage, anywhere between 300 to 500 milligrams. Some people like to take a little more. Remember, if you're taking medications, if you're under stress, and if you have other problems inside or not digesting or assimilating the nutrient correctly, your body is not getting all that you're taking in. So sweet dreams and sleep well. Please share this video with your friends and family. Leave your comments below and most important, make it a great day. I'm Dr. Alan Mandel. you