Let's talk about one of the major underlying causes of depression and anxiety. It is associated with the microbiome, the good flora in your gut and the connection between your gut flora and your mood. Let's go straight to the point though. There is a strong link between digestion and your state of well-being and your gut needs to be healthy if you truly want to thrive and stay healthy. The National Institute of Mental Health has reported that depression is very common and a serious mood disorder. It is also known as clinical depression or depressive disorder. Depression causes severe symptoms that affect your thinking, how you feel and how you go about your daily activities. But the main question is, what really causes depression? People get depressed when they lose a loved one or when something bad happens to them. In some cases, people get depressed for absolutely no reason though. To tackle the latter, people need natural alternative to psychiatric medications. A good approach would be looking at your vitamin B3 levels. It is possible that you may be deficient so that needs to be punished. Looking at your diet is the first step. Remove junk food from your diet to make your treatment more effective. The next step is to normalize your blood sugar levels. If your blood sugar level is too high or too low, it can lead to depression. Hypoglycemia is a major cause of depression. Body resistance to fat storing hormones contributes to the development of depression when the brain is deprived of fuel to function optimally. Lack of sleep is another cause of depression. When a person is not sleeping well or stressed, they'll struggle to sleep. Serotonin helps to elevate your mood. To produce plenty of serotonin, you'll need L-Tryptophan. Tryptophan can be found in chicken, cheese, egg whites, sunflower seeds, milk, pumpkin seeds, peanuts and fish. Alright, thanks again for watching. Be sure to subscribe though to never miss any of these videos. If you have any questions at all, let me know in the comments below.