>> Looking at a question from one of you guys when it comes to our health and wellness here it is. Are there any benefits this is why it stinks to drinking a shot of apple cider vinegar daily. >> I was like make that clear she's talking about. >> You can smell it. Yeah, so listen as a nutritionist as a doctor deep dive into the research. It's not totally there yet. It's not conclusive. However, there have been some studies that have shown a link in association between consuming apple cider vinegar with mother as the active ingredient as you just appropriately mentioned and better control of glucose levels, better control of insulin levels, some possible associated weight loss, some antioxidant and you know cardio protective benefits. I have to emphasize these are associations and and not causality. They're the mechanism just is not there yet. However, antimicrobial antioxidant could there be a harm not if consumed in minimal slash minuscule amounts. I he's one of the correct like that's not a teaspoon shot. >> Our producer just has brought us a shot which I've informed her I will not be consuming. But you know if you want to put maybe one or two teaspoons in a large glass of water because if you drink a whole bunch of apple cider finger wish me love me. >> You feel it going down. I just smelled it it was this will suppress your appetite just by smelling it. >> I will but it's good for you. It's good for you. I do a teaspoon every morning. >> It's it doesn't taste awful you do a teaspoon every morning and look at this all the way down. I mean you know look at this picture of perfect out again. That is my medical assessment you're you're very healthy. But listen I would just say again we have to remember in moderation, you know if you if you consume that whole bottle I can assure you you will feel sick and there will be no benefits, but if you want to dilute it one to two teaspoons go for it. >> I take one day off and I cut out what your perspective. >> Other ways to kind of help with food cravings because again that's one of the purported maybe benefits. So first of all distracting yourself going for a walk getting enough or exercise always helpful and then chewing sugarless gum absolutely can help you with those food cravings. >> Hi folks and we love to hear from you so get us up on Instagram with all of your medical questions at ABC GMA 3. >> Well hey there GMA fans Robin Roberts here thanks for checking out our YouTube channel lots of great stuff here so go on click the subscribe button right over right over here to get more of awesome videos and content from GMA every day any time we thank you for watching and we'll see you in the morning. on GMA.