Right boys and girls today were talking about the living king and what I reckon he takes now I know he claims natural, but I think we all know that's bullshit No human being looks like this natural. It just doesn't happen. It's not how the human body works. I mean Maybe there's some sort of crazy fringe case where this is possible, but the vast majority people It's not so I'm gonna go with Laura averages and say this guy is not fucking natural Look at him. Look at look at this fucking vein dude. I think I can't point it. Look at his arm veins. Look at his shoulder vein because abs this guy is ripped. He's fucking human Huge he looks amazing like fair credit to the guy. You don't look amazing. It's very injecting things You've got to put in the work the effort the diet this doesn't think happen overnight this years Regardless I don't think my cycle suggestion is going to be what you think it is. I think at this given point He's probably taking no more than 200 milligrams testosterone a week potentially was in great hormone and thyroid hormones Sprinkled in there for support maybe Tui you've growth hormone and fuck me just replacement levels of thyroid T3 T4 I do don't expect as many more than that and the only reason why T3 T4 is in there is because GH can down regulate that So that is the only reason why I think that's in there. I don't think he's using the fat burning purposes just for support the growth hormone. I think is there as a That TRT plus, you know, it's for causation for feeling good that kind of shit You know better sleep better recovery because this guy goes crazy in his workouts now Just because that's why I think he's taking now that doesn't mean I think He took that to get to this size. I feel like he hasn't progressed much in the time I've seen on social media He stayed the same sort of size. Yes, his weight is fluctuate a little bit with body fat and his leanness But in general he hasn't looked any more musculature. He hasn't gained any more gains Gaining more gains doesn't build any significant contractile tissue as Derek would say so As to how he got this point that is very difficult very difficult to ascertain you would need to see Well, I'd need way more information. I need to see a detailed chronological order of what he did How his list progressed how his skin looked how his body felt essential even then extremely difficult not impossible to know exactly what he took So I'm not gonna hazard a guess of what he took to get to this point because that could be a plethora of different Compounds it's much easier to guess someone's stack when they're competing for a Pacific Goal or they got a time them involved because then it starts narrowing things down a little bit but when you're trying to Rep to actually look at cell house on built their physique overall It's virtually impossible, but to maintain this I think no more than 200 milligrams testosterone in amphate CPA propane where he wants to take as long as that's a growth hormone and thyroid hormones for support Anyway, that's why I think he's taking currently I can't say what he took to get to where you get where he's gone to but if you want coaching or any advice Links in the bio guys and until next time. Peace out