These seeds are then ground at high temperatures to extract the fragile oil, which is inevitably oxidized because of this heart. So you know how school children sometimes copy each other, but they copy the wrong answers. So the teacher knows that they copied each other because they all have the same wrong answers. These grifters are doing the exact same thing. Not only are they wrong, but they're all copying each other's wrong information. I'm going to put his video next to somebody that I already debunked making these exact same false claims. They're literally just copying each other's wrong answers at this point. I hear this claim so often, but it's just not true. So in the refining process, yes, these oils are heated to a temperature that drives off volatile compounds, which actually makes the oil more stable. This is why refined oils have higher smoke points and that temperature is lower than the temperature that would be needed to oxidize the oil. It's a steam distillation process that drives off the unwanted aldehydes, ketones, alcohols, and short chain fatty acids. These are compounds which are more volatile than the oil itself. And again, this process actually makes the oil more stable so that it has a higher smoke point and it also has a longer shelf life. After this steam distillation process, the oil is then conditioned under nitrogen to prevent oxidation. No, the oil is not rancid at this point. That's not what the deodorization is for. This is what it's for. So this is what she cited for the trans fat claim, which actually has nothing to do with that deodorization process. It has to do with different cooking methods. So this just showed after certain cooking methods, corn oil had 0.25 grams of trans fat per month. 100 grams and the rest of these oils had no detectable amounts of trans fat. So not only is that not relevant to the claim being made, but it also shows very low levels of trans fats. And this oil is marketed to you as healthy by the American Heart Association. But that's pretty gross. But what is it really doing to your health? Let's take a look at the actual evidence on health impacts, which shows among other things a reduction in coronary heart disease when saturated fats are replaced by mono and polyunsaturated fats. I will link these and many more studies in the comments.