Hey everyone, Denise here. You know, magnesium has become a popular mineral for a wide variety of health concerns. When you consider that it's the fourth most abundant mineral in the body, it's not hard to see why it's essential for so many aspects of good health. Magnesium is an essential trace mineral and it's involved in over 300 biochemical functions. In addition, this mineral fuels the brain and supports the passage of information through the central nervous system. It also plays a role in making that key calming neurotransmitter serotonin. Magnesium deficiency has been linked to poor function of the neurotransmitters that control emotion and social reactions, hyperactivity and attention. Magnesium deficiency can also be linked to things like depression and insomnia and headaches. You know, go to Thio, the body's master antioxidant, relies on magnesium for synthesis. For kids with ADHD or ASD, brain health and a calm nervous system are key areas of focus. However, research shows that magnesium is one of the minerals that is commonly deficient in these kiddos. In one study, magnesium deficiency was found in 72% of the ADHD children. However, magnesium supplementation resulted in improved cognition. Parents and clinicians commonly report that supplementing with magnesium helps improve their child's sensory sensitivity, improves sleep, improves mood, improves and boosts cognitive function. But you know, magnesium can also improve things like hyperactivity, restlessness, fidgeting and body rocking, poor concentration, noise sensitivity and headaches. Since kids with autism and ADHD often require larger quantities of magnesium than their diet provides or what their gut is able to absorb, sometimes supplementation is a great way to provide enough of the mineral to enjoy these important benefits. My go to magnesium supplement is my spectrum hero's super mag powder. It utilizes magnesium bis glycinate for optimal absorption and gastrointestinal comfort. Another way to get in some magnesium is to take an Epsom salt bath. Epsom salt is actually magnesium sulfate. And when it dissolves in the bath water, it can easily be absorbed through the skin. And most kids love bath time, so this is an easy way to get in this amazing mineral without much effort at all. So let's get started boosting that magnesium. [BLANK_AUDIO]