Want to achieve a radiant and glowing complexion with massively increased amounts of collagen for skin tightness and a hundred percent even skin tone even if you have existing patches of pigmentation, then combine all the things in this video together for best results. Nutricost is step one. It's a drinkable version of the world's most powerful collagen generation injectable Sunacost. This can't be replicated by any other product in the world because the combination of amino acids and specific high law and a castor is called high 6 AA that it has is patented. Studies have shown that this can even show increased collagen expression six months after initial treatment. That's ludicrous and completely unique. But if you don't want to be ripped off then question which type of collagen your product is creating. There are 28 types and some won't be useful in an anti-aging context for your face. The thing that makes Nutricost and Sunacost so special is that they can cause an increased expression of collagen type 4 and 7. which are crucial in how tight your face is because they keep all the layers anchored together like super blue. There's no other product in the world that can do that and not only that but studies have shown that high 6 AA can also increase crucial anti-aging factors like elastin and fiber-anectin which again can't be done by any other product anywhere. UK cost is around 60 to 70 pounds for a month to apply and you would be a fool not to include this in your day. For step two a strong multivitamin like multi-amps. Sport by Neutribaio or Vitagen by Jim are great products to get your micronutrients in. Oils like omega 3, 6 and 9 can be gotten from something like omega Jim. Vitamin A in the form of a retinile ester like retinolcomatate in the region of around 50,000 international units is OK to take every day and there's scientific evidence for its safety if you're interested in reading it. Vitamin Mononucleotide. It works on every cell in the body to optimize energy production and it means that each cell is then fueled to carry out its job to as high a degree as possible and when this is in a skin context it means that all the cells produce everything they need and grow much better so we have more elasticity, tone, hydration, thickness. Don't get scammed if you're gonna buy it though. Supplements like this should always be bought with certification to show that they have been manufactured to a all great which means they have almost 100% purity. That way you're actually going to be getting the best benefit and there's no rubbish in the tablet. I always buy from youth and earth.co.uk because they have the certification to prove that their inner man is pharmaceutical grade pure. Click the link in the description to get some for yourself at 15% off for a discount and if you buy using that link it helps me get funds to do things like buy more products for me to review for you guys and create more free education. Thank you in advance if you use it. I take one gram of NMN every day and then get the best result by combining everything in this video with skincare like in this video here.