Okay, so sleep hygiene and why it does not work. So in terms of actually, I'm not saying there's no place for sleep hygiene whatsoever. You know, it's nice to have a cold bedroom and you probably shouldn't be drinking caffeine after 3 p.m. But if you have insomnia, you know that already. I'm sure you're not sleeping in a sauna and taking espresso shots to the eyeballs. Okay, so what sleep hygiene can do is it can actually make insomnia worse because when you go to the doctors and you're worried about sleep, you're stressed about sleep, you're not sleeping and then they tell you sleep hygiene, which you've heard a thousand times before. They tell you to use relaxation techniques, you tell you to have a hot bath, you tell you to have a cold bedroom and you're doing this stuff already. And sleep hygiene doesn't work and it doesn't work because it doesn't get to the root cause of the problem and the root cause. As I say in all my other videos, check the link up up above if you haven't heard about sleep. sleep it's always a sleep drive problem and it's always a hyper arousal problem. And sleep hygiene doesn't get to the root cause of either. In fact, it can make sleep worse because one of the things that sleep hygiene does is to tell you to set a fixed bedtime and most people believe that they should be sleeping for eight hours a night. So they would set a fixed bedtime where they're trying to be in bed for eight hours and eight hours in bed, nine hours in bed, 10 hours in bed. Well, actually, most people sleep for roughly around about six hours, 20 minutes a night. So, yeah, setting a fixed bedtime is one of the worst things you can do. And that's one of the things that sleep hygiene teaches you. Sleep hygiene has no place in actually overcoming incurring insomnia. Yeah, I mean, obviously don't drink caffeine really late and have a nice cold bedroom, but yeah, you need to get to the root cause of your insomnia in order to overcome it. And that's always behaviours and that is always thought patterns, which to hyper around all right thanks so much for watching cheers bye bye