Well, farmers were speaking out after the Knox County Health Department issued an alert about raw milk. This after a series of E. coli infections put several children in the hospital. The health department says most of the children that are sick drink raw milk from French Broad Farm in mascot. Now it's recommending that you throw away all unpasteurized products from that farm. It's owned by Earl Cruz who also owns Cruz Farm in Knoxville. Reporter Sean Franklin talked to the owner of another local dairy farm that sells raw milk and she admits there are risks, Sean. Beth Brandon. This outbreak affected almost 10 kids. The doctor tells us they're in serious condition and on dialysis because of their E. coli affecting their kidney function. There are known risks to drinking raw milk, but the farmer I spoke to says it can be safe. Pasteurization kills harmful bacteria in the milk. Dr. Lou Strickland is with the animal science Department of UT. He says the CDC recommends against raw milk because there's a chance harmful bacteria like E. coli is in it. That's the whole idea. The pasteurization process is it kills that bacteria to give you some perspective. The Knox County Health Department says roughly 1800 bacteria can fit on the head of a pen. It only takes about 10 to make you sick, but local farmers say raw milk done right won't make you sick. Suzanne Thompson's biggest goal at Echo Valley Farm is keeping her farm's milk safe. Specifically here we have dietary practices that we implement and we're very strict about to make sure the cow eats good food and the way farmers take milk from the cow is very clean. Raw milk isn't pasteurized, so all the natural bacteria in it stays. There is a method of thought that says that there is beneficial bacteria enzymes in milk that is helpful to to its consumer, but she says if farmers aren't careful, it can lead to people getting sick, like the children at East Tennessee Children's Hospital, infected by E. coli. The Knox County Health Department says most of the children drink raw milk from French Broad Farm, a local cow share in mascot. Owner Earl Cruz told us tonight there are more tests that could be done that would prove his cows cause the sickness, not something else. Until then, he says he won't comment further. Strickland says kids who get around animals should always wash their hands afterward. be on the animal, which can make them sick.