Vitamin D deficiency and thyroid disease. What are the most common symptoms of vitamin D deficiency? The first one is chronic fatigue. So we are tired during your whole day. Second one is depression, kind of feeling sad. This can be a symptom of vitamin D deficiency. Another one is of course, muscle cramps, muscle pains, but also bone loss. So if you are suffering from this increased inflammation and pains of your bones, of your muscles, this can be vitamin D deficiency. Another one is poor immune response and frequently getting sick. We call it so-called flu-like symptoms. This is because vitamin D helps to regulate immune system response. So if you don't have enough of vitamin D, you may be frequently getting sick. And another way of looking at this is of course higher autoantibodies. This is because if your immune system doesn't work properly, you may be suffering from this increased autoantibodies, especially in thyroid. And the last symptom, which is kind of strange, but sometimes it also happens, is kind of like a sweaty head. So if you suffer from this increased sweat on your head, this can be also vitamin D deficiency. So if you suffer from any of the symptoms, you kind of feel sad, depressed, fatigued. You have this weird muscle pains, bone pains, make sure to check your vitamin D levels. The way you do it is with the blood test, your levels should be something around 60 to 70 nanograms per minute liter. This is the optimal value. And anything lower, so for example, 2025, they are telling you that this is according to the reference level, you know, correct? But we know that in reality, this may not be enough. Okay? So what are the ways to fix it? The first one is of course to spend more time under the sun. So try to practice, you know, brists walking preferably in the morning from 9 to 11, when the sun is not that strong, or in the afternoon after 2 p.m. This is because it's safer for you and healthier. And you don't have to use a sunscreen. And if you spend, you know, 20 to 40 minutes under the sun, this is usually perfectly safe. And this will improve and increase your vitamin D levels. Okay? If this doesn't help, however, you can also supplement with vitamin D, make sure to combine vitamin D and vitamin D. vitamin K too. This is because this helps with absorption and prevents, you know, increased calcium deposition inside your body. Okay? So this is everything in this video. If you have any questions concerning vitamin D, please comment below and I'll be more than happy to answer them. See you guys in the next video.