So what people don't really understand, okay, so what you said was so important, you wake up in the morning and while you're sleeping, the brain is. Right. It's not doing what it needs to do. It's at rest. It's trying to reset. It's taking your long-term to short-term memory and when we have stress, fatigue, everything else, we never get that deep sleep. And we have looked at what happens. How many people are oxygen deprived at night? So it's not a CPAP. So they have me in a CPAP. Yeah, because you're not getting enough oxygen. And so now what happens is how do we keep up good mitochondria function. That's in charge of, guess what? Production of hormones and hormone regulation. So we go to sleep at night. We can't lose weight. We can't do other things. We can't get rest. We wake up because of blue lights or whatever. Whatever's happening as far as stress, anxiety, you go to sleep and you wake up unrested. Well, what happens is your body never resets, cortisol levels spike at the wrong time. And so weight gain, that's why they say sleep is great for weight. Sleep is great for brain function because it's doing the data dump at night. When it doesn't have that, it can't do it. - Jenn, you're trying to play catch up the other day, right? - Yep, you're store for sleep. So in our sleep product, and we were talking about, you talked with Zach, is that we use a micro dose of gab, really of no tone and gaba. And in that, we also have boron, which is a great regulator for, guess what? Natural testosterone. Your hormone optimization. And what happens at night when we get good sleep, you talked about? Everything restores. Right, and hormone optimization is actually done. So even if we took these other things, we didn't get the sleep process, or we took a, I shouldn't say a bad word with something with a Z, where you end up over at your neighbor's house making pizza, you know? That doesn't give you that restorative sleep. We're not knocking you out. You're giving your body's ability to do its natural function. And when you force it to do things or take it away, we lose that. And now we have a true 24 hour system that, guess what? We get better and better, we feel better, more energetic. You're giving the body a tune up with what it needs to function properly, because it's so out of balance, because we're so deficient in so many areas, the sleep number one. - Yeah. - And so you have these neat biohacking things that come up, hey, you need to do the more of this. You need to do more of that, or you need to cook it down, or you need that. But mitochondrism dysfunction, you have to understand, it won't let anything enter out.