You don't just wake up one day with histamine intolerance, histamine intolerance, or should we say an overload of histamine happens over time. You ingest histamine rich foods, you're exposed to viruses, you take medication, which can all trigger our immune system, or maybe you even have a really stressful period and your body releases histamine. Whatever the triggers, you aren't intolerant to histamine. You can't be intolerant to something your body naturally produces. What's happened is you have an overload of histamine and your body is not detoxing and removing it from your body. Histamine is protective. It creates inflammation as it is trying to protect your body from what it thinks is bad. It's not the food, that's bad. Red wine, cheese, bread, and even coffee. All of these delicious foods aren't bad. It's just that your body is not able to break down and remove the histamine from these foods. And so your immune system becomes overreactive. You have histamine intolerance, or shall we correctly say histamine overload, because your immune system is overreactive and it needs to be brought back to balance. So the question is, if I have histamine overload, what do I do to get back to enjoying my life? Well, here are three simple steps. Step one, understand the foods and stresses, which are causing your histamine reaction, and remove these so that you can turn off what is actually causing the reaction in the first instance. Step two, remove the excess histamine. To do this, we suggest following our histamine protocol using TOCSA prevent. Now TOCSA prevent is a binder, which is proven to detox histamine from the body via the gut, and it allows your immune system to come back into balance. Step three, know your body. You will notice that as you begin to detox histamine, you will start to feel ready to eat the foods which actually caused your first reaction. Start slowly reintroducing foods and understand how your body reacts. When following these simple steps, most of you will reintroduce foods and won't get a reaction at all. But if you do, stop and repeat step one and step two until your histamine levels have dropped more to then retry step three. This method is tried and tested, and remember, you will get better. I hope you found this information helpful. Thank you for listening, and if you enjoyed this video, please hit that like button below. If you have any questions, just leave a comment and our team will get back to you. If you would like to learn more about histamine and hear the latest research, please hit that subscribe button and do reach out to us on our website, newthehealthcare.com.