Okay, so detoxing your balls, detoxing your hormonal system, your blood, getting rid of plastics, very important. I'm seeing studies on how plastics are found in people's immense balls and that's very, that's a bad thing. I'm just going to say about hormones that are making us less testy and powerful and that's not good. So two very important, strong, powerful ingredients you can get at pretty much any store. Spirulina, very, very powerful. Green algae. Goes deep into your cell while it will help increase mitochondria energy. Well, detox the toxins, cleanse your blood, mold, bacteria, plastics, and heavy metals. Very powerful chlorophyll, very good stuff. Another one is going to be cilantro. Cilantro is very powerful. I think it goes even deeper into the cell and cleanses of heavy metals. Spirulina cilantro and then blueberries. Blueberries, wild blueberries. It has to be the wild ones. More in toxins, more power. And it has detox and compounds to detox cleanse your blood. Your cells get rid of heavy metals again and plastics. We have plastics and everyday life. The clothes we're sleeping will restore our food, we're drinking our water, where we wash our clothes, what we're sleeping. So that fragrances, deodorants, all these things that have plastics and estrogens. You know, same way when we go work out, we tighten the muscles and we need to go stretch. We need to yin yang, we need to stretch as well to open up the muscle. So we can function better and have a greater range of motions. When we do work out, use the muscle for function. So we need to do things that are going to increase, increase tests like sunlight and icing. But at the same time, we need to eliminate things that are decreasing test levels in our hormonal system. So we need to detox by the same time we sunlight, we ice, we do these things to increase, but we need to also get rid of those plastics and metals that are in our bodies and our balls that are messing up our hormones and this is our bodies. So spiraling up and wobble, but it's very, very powerful stuff. Very easy to get as well. You can just mix and I drink it up. I drink it with my protein and spiraling up and it tastes wonderful. Very good and cleansing powerful and will leave you feeling much more relaxed and powerful, which we all are. And we need to get rid of things that don't let us feel powerful and that is wrecking our health. So please look into those.