They actually did studies where they did consecutive autopsies of the next 100 people that came into the ward, okay? And they took at their thyroid gland and they analyzed it for oxalate content. They found that even in infancy, your thyroid starts to accumulate oxalate. And they also know from other studies that oxalate makes you hypothyroid. Or there is an autoimmune condition called Hashimoto's thyroiditis. And with it, there's kind of this bouncing around stuff with how that autoimmune disease is affecting how your thyroid functions. But at any rate, it's damaging to the thyroid to be there. And it is just like, you know, goodness knows, we've heard about cholesterol, you know, and oh, you don't want to have too much cholesterol and it's going to, you know, collect in your blood vessels. And when you get older, it's going to be a big problem, right? That's what we generally say. Well, oxalates just like that. The older you are, the longer you have had to accumulate it. Now, people are doing an incredible job right now because they're drinking spinach, spinach smoothies and doing beans and nuts and seeds and all these kinds of things. So they're probably accumulating oxalate in their body and an astonishing rate. Now, why does it collect in the thyroid particularly? Well, most people know about there's a relationship between the thyroid gland and iodine, right? Well, iodine is also one of the things that crosses the membrane on the as SLC26A transporters. Now, there are some other iodine transporters, but some of the iodine transporters are in this same family that also moves oxalate. So it matters. And is it safe to say that if you're getting more oxalate than you're probably not getting enough iodine or does oxalate bind to iodine? Well, it may, it very well may affect it because again, if these are exchangers and I think the best way to think about this is like a, you know, at those grand old hotels when they had the big revolving entrance where you just push it and it goes around. But let's just say it was like that except there was a rule that the only way that you could get in is if somebody were coming out at the same time because that's how these transporters are interesting.