What's up guys, George here with bulk supplements and today we're going to be talking about one of the most research and most popular supplements out there and that is creatine monohydrate. What it is, what it does, what the benefits are and what the proper dosages. Let's get into it. So what is creatine? Creatine is an organic compound that is formed by amino acids and it is used to facilitate the process of ATP. ATP is an energy in ourselves. A secondary function is that it hydrates muscles and it allows for an increase in protein synthesis. It was first discovered in 1832 but it wasn't used as a supplement until the 1990s. We can access creatine through nutrition that is through meats, poultry, fish or through supplementation. So now that we know some of the background, let's talk a little bit about the benefits. Creatine is one of the most popular supplements out there among bodybuilders and athletes and it has been found to be beneficial at improving the intensity of workouts. That being resistance training or short explosive movements. Other benefits of creatine consist of increased muscle mass. It promotes weight gain. It helps boost anaerobic strength. It helps with bone mineral density. It supports brain function and cognitive function. So as you can see, these benefits fall are exceed the needs of only just athletes as they seem to be able to benefit just about anyone. So now as far as the dosage goes, both supplement carries both the powder form which you can add to your smoothies or shakes and the capsule form which you can take just like a vitamin. And I just recommended to take about five grams of creatine monohydrate per day. Usually suggested to take right before a workout. Now please keep in mind that this is not a good advice and you should consult your physician before taking any supplements. So now that you want to get creatine monohydrate and let me just tell you this. A lot of other companies add fillers, sugars and other hazardous chemicals to their creatine. Here at Bulk Supplements, everything is laptops that are FDA inspected facility and everything is manufactured to CGMP standards. So you know you're getting the quality that you deserve. So let's see now you want to purchase. I want to make it easier for you and drop two links in the description below. One for Amazon, one directly to our website and this is where you can find this and there were 500 other supplements to choose from. If you like this video or found it helpful, please remember to give this video a like, subscribe to the channel for more videos just like this and we'll see you on the next time.