The liver king is on gear. This has been known for several months, and even though he now claims to have recently gone natural, it is obvious that he is still taking performance enhancing drugs. But what does the liver king actually use to make him look the way he does? That's exactly what we're going to tell you in this video. So watch it until the end, and learn everything about the steroid cycle of Brian Johnson, the liver king. First things first, we know the cycle from the liver king in detail. This is simply because it was published a few months ago, as part of some emails between him and his coach. These emails suggest what substance the liver king was taking, and what he's paying for it. By the way, the emails were also the reason why the liver king was exposed for his substance abuse. So it's not surprising that he has such a great body at the age of 45, considering how much money he invests in performance enhancing substances. But what exactly does he take? We know from the emails that the liver king is using the growth hormones, IGF, CJC, and Omnitro. as well as the steroids, Decadurobola, testosterone siphonate, and winchrol. These are all performance enhancing substances that already have individually excellent effects for muscle building and fat burning. Whether the liver king takes all these substances at the same time, or varies the cycles, we do not know in detail. What is clear, however, is that he takes several of them in the same cycle, and therefore also achieves an extremely anabolic effect, which contributes to the fact that he has such a highly muscular body with a very low body fat percentage in his mid-40s. His nine ancestral tenants certainly have something to do with his physique, but certainly not nearly as much as the many performance enhancing substances he takes. But that's exactly what he wants his fans to believe, that he is actually 100% natural, and only his lifestyle makes him look so muscular. A great marketing plan, but one that has since been busted, right? Not necessarily, because some time has passed since the revelation that he's now actually naturally natural. This is, of course, complete bullshit. You notice that immediately when you look at recent photos of him. However, what may well be the case is that he has changed his cycle somewhat, and has replaced some substances, or added some substances to his stack in the meantime. Be that as it may, his marketing ploy carries on and he continues to earn money with his products, which according to him, are the reason for his now supposedly natural body. By the way, we think it's best to avoid steroids, growth hormones, SARMs, and peptides, because you can achieve an awesome body, even if you are actually 100% natural, and in such a way that you enjoy great health in the long term. And let's be honest, your health is the most valuable thing in life. That's it again for today. If you like the video, share it with your friends.