for decades. Florida has been added to tap water, mouthwash and toothpaste to help protect against cavities. But researchers researchers have been showing us that we can be getting too much Florida, especially with infants and expected mothers. Biological dentist Dr Griffin Cole joins us this morning with some more insight. Good morning, doctors. How you doing? Good morning. How are you? What is a biological dentist? I've never heard of that. Yeah, we're we're growing a number. We are like functional medicine doctors in that of their symptoms so that when we treat them, we can actually get results that last. We're also very concerned about materials, right? We won't with any substances that are toxic to the human body. Things like mercury, nickel and fluoride. That's a good thing. We're very concerned about how we're going to be using kids between the ages of six months and 16 years to have some sort of fluoride every day. But what about the concern over ingesting too much for it? How much is too much? Yeah, great question. So too much fluoride can affect all of our body's organs. And now we know brain function activity. So the National Toxicology Program, which is part of health and human services, their job is to look at substances in the environment that are toxic, right? to the government and they report that to us. And they recently reviewed 52 worldwide studies and they found conclusively brain impairment, including lower IQs in babies born to pregnant moms who ingested Florida water. How are they able to measure the fluoride levels and expectant mothers? Yes, they compared the fluoride in their urine from the pregnant moms who drank water versus pregnant women who did not drink water or the lion's share of the studies and the NTP. They found a steep drop in IQ up to seven points in babies born to those moms who drank Florida water. That is really incredible. Wow. I mean, so, you know, I'm sure a lot of parents listening are going well, I'm sure that our water has fluoride in it. You know, we've all grown up drinking water with fluoride in it. But how do we know if it's too much? You know, not everyone's going to have their urine in that. Yeah, exactly. Well, I can tell you, and I have the backup of health and human services, we're all getting too much. I mean, even if you live in an area that's not fluoridated, right? They're adding fluoride to most bottled drinks. It's in toothpaste, mouth rinses. It's in dietary supplements. A lot of prescription medications, including antibiotics have fluoride added. So we're getting way too much and in 2015 health and human services lowered the amount that was allowed to be put in water supplies. So that helps. But however you can it is, and I think it's the most important thing I've ever avoided, I think is the wise moves. All right. Well, thank you so much biological dentist, Dr Griffin Cole. We can't thank you enough for your time. Thank you. Thank you for having me. I appreciate it. Cool.