Hi! Claire from the Pilates Body Plan. Now, are you in perimenopause or menopause and finding that you are storing fat in different areas? Maybe it's going on around your middle, around your hips, around your abs, much more than it's ever done before. You're not doing anything differently thinking what the heck is going on. Why is my body changing shape? Well, this is down to hormones and there is something that absolutely fascinating happens to the body at this time. Now, your body is programmed by at times in our lives to put on weight when we're teenagers, when we hit puberty, estrogen levels rise, we grow breaths, we grow hips, our body is getting ready to be fertile. The other time in our life where estrogen boosts is during pregnancy. If you're lucky enough to be pregnant, estrogen rises, we put a little bit more fat on to cope with feeding our baby. Shouldn't there be a famine? Should anything happen? We've got the fat stores there to feed baby, all good stuff. Now, you might be thinking actually, hang on a minute Claire, if rising estrogen levels causes me to put fat on, why? Now my estrogen levels are dropping during menopause is my body putting weights on and this is where the body just becomes absolutely amazing, absolutely fascinating. So when your body senses these dropping estrogen levels, it wants to keep you healthy, it knows you need estrogen. So the fat cells in your body start producing more estrogen. Yes, they actually, fat cells produce estrogen and they start producing more. Your body activates fat storing enzymes. So it's got those fat cells to produce the estrogen and it deactivates fat releasing enzymes. And also your fat cells can expand by 20%. I know this is sounding good news, but there is a root. There is an answer to it, don't worry. In your mid to late 40s, fat cells can divide and start to produce more estrogen. Because your liver and your adrenals produce the necessary enzyme to convert testosterone to estrogen in the body, that's where your fat cells accumulate. They're going to start accumulating around the middle, rather than maybe on the boobs, maybe less on your thighs, but maybe more around your hips in your middle, that midsection. Now these response changes to estrogen usually settle down about the age of 55, but you might find up to that point, do you know what? I'm finding my body has completely changed. Now, if you look at my video on exercise, that will give you a key part on how to start structuring your exercise, because now exercise has become absolutely essential. You're not going to get away without it. To manage this storing of fat around your middle, you really, really need to start exercising, but exercising in the right way. Also on the Pilates body plan, I give you a step-by-step plan on how to avoid this. And in the Pilates, for menopause section, you have got everything you need to combat the menopelly, the fat storming around the middle. I will put the link below and hope you found that useful. Speak soon.