If you know about the benefits of grounding or earthing, it's sometimes difficult to get that done in the colder winter months when it's really cold outside. So I'm going to share six tips now how to ground in the winter time to make it a lot easier for you. And we know that the benefits of grounding, which I cover in other videos are fantastic. It helps with inflammation. So if you've got pain, inflammation helps with headaches. It helps with energy levels and helps your mitochondrial health. Okay, so let's get to how to ground in winter time. Number one is on the basement floor. So if you go barefooted on your basement floor, if you don't have a covering on there, so no tiles, no carpets, just on your plain cement basement floor, most times it's going to be grounded. So you can stand there for a few moments or longer to get grounded in the winter time. Number two is your garage floor. So this is another place that is possibly grounded if there's not a barrier underneath the cement that you can get grounded in the winter time. One of the things that I like to do is I use the garage door track. So you know the track that holds your garage door, it's a metal frame, and that goes into the earth. So what I do in the mornings, especially on cold winter mornings, is I look towards the east, important to get that sunlight in the eyes, but I hold on to that garage door track, and I'm very sensitive to be able to feel these things. I can feel those electrons coming into my body from holding on to and getting grounded by holding on to that track. Okay. Next list is grounding mats. Now these are fabulous as well. I have them in the office. I have them for the kids. I have it on our bed as well. Important for grounding while you sleep or while you're working at the office or for the kids when they're working and doing their homework. Okay. Number five on the list is a kitchen faucet. So your kitchen faucet most times is going to be nicely grounded. So that's why a lot of people, I don't know about you. I don't know. Do you love doing dishes? I do, not always, but a lot of people feel really good, they say, when they're doing their dishes and touching that kitchen faucet. Okay. And number six is you can go outside with your socks on. So don't think that you have to have bare feet for that your winter grounding. You can wear wool socks, cotton socks. As long as there's some type of connection with the earth, you're going to pull up some of those electrons, which has that beneficial effect for your overall health. For more information on how grounding though can help with arthritis, this, please check out my video, Arthritis, Earthing for Arthritis and Inflammation. I'll see you there.