What is going on guys. Mun's here and I wanted to talk to you about the little known supplement Ashwagandha. You know it's getting more popular nowadays and I'm seeing it in more supplements but it's still not very well known. So what is it? It is an ancient herb that you know it's been used in Indian medicine for over 4,000 years. So you know it's got a good track record. And there's a lot of benefits that it's supposed to give as far as you know energy, immune system. It's also supposed to be good for stress relief and anxiety, depression. And the thing for that is the reason I take it is because it lowers your cortisol. And what cortisol basically is is it's the stress hormone that when you get stressed out rises and when you have high cortisol you store fat easier. It's harder to lose fat. So having high cortisol is a no-no. And so what Ashwagandha does is it lowers cortisol naturally. You know it's an all-natural product. It's an herb. It's also some studies say that it increases testosterone and that it increases strength and muscle. And so there's a lot of benefits. I personally I take it for the cortisol lowering effects. I've been taking it now for about maybe about two years now. So I've been taking it you know I like it. And the thing is as far as building muscle and fat loss like like everything it's a supplement. So it's not gonna help a crazy amount. It's not gonna give you two times the gains. It's you know it's a natural product. Like creatine it'll help a percentage if that you know. But when you're natural and once you get to an advanced level you want to take every little percent you can get. So I definitely recommend it give it a try. You can find it in Walmart. You can find it in the Walmart like eight ten bucks. Give it a shot. And you want to be taking six to eight hundred milligrams a day. I personally take a little bit higher but that's just me. And you know there's no there's no negative side effects really. You know it can it can cause some some maybe like nausea if you take too high of a dose. And so you know as with anything start with a low dose see how your body racks. But yeah ashwaganda definitely recommend it. Give it a shot.