So also if you're a stylist or a salon owner and you haven't yet tried the metal detox Ladies, it's a game changer. It saves us as hairdressers And you're gonna love the pretreatment spray your clients will love the home care especially for anyone that has been using Plastic or silicone shampoos or a buildup of other products in their hair. This just removes everything It's not just a detox. It's not like the other detox brands that are out there. This has an 87% of an anti-breakage in it as well and the shine off the shampoo conditioner treatment. They both need to be bought together because they both complement each other for the right reasons. They last about 16 weeks and I would use it once a week if you've got a big mineral in your hair and in the salon as well. It's not just for blondes, but the blondes are really achievable. I can get my clients brighter and whiter and with a nicer finish on it. So it's allowing everything I have a blank canvas then start with but if your client then comes in as been using this at home They don't need to hand out that extra fee for the pretreatment spray even though that is worth that but you don't need to. So this is not like all a Plex or to buy damage or it's not like K-aging. I use them as well for my own reasons and for based on what I've got in front of me but this is for the people like me with that that were blonde the last time but when they come back it's dull it's a build-up they're not using professional range it literally neutralizes it all out for me giving a blank canvas. It gives me nearly almost like I've got that beautiful version here which we don't get that often but it mimics that. So if you have or you are a client or a customer or anyone that keeps it my hair slimy it's slimy it's dull this is what I recommend. I can relate to it I have well water I've said it before in a few of my contents I have really high mineral in my water and I use this once you just get that out and the difference in my hair it was a game changer for me so yeah that's a bit more information about metal detox I will not be without this product we are Irish based we are the biggest selling salon in Ireland of metal detox in my job that's how good that brand is and every stylist loves it and in my clients that have used it have come back and bought it again and the difference in their hair or even the colors last in better they're literally their hair starts grow a bit more because nothing's standing in the way I understand them blocking anything it's just definitely my recommendation so I hope that helps guys I love when somebody gets a product that works good and they see result from and this is what I keep going back to.