Hey guys, today I want to talk about the benefits of creatine for women. And before I started taking creatine, I was on the fence about whether or not I should be taking it. Is it going to bulk me up? Am I going to gain a bunch of water weight? Am I going to be drinking so much water that it's too much water? Like, is it going to be too much to keep up with? Right? And so I started taking it just as an experiment. And now I'm happy to say that I have and I wanted to address some of the issues that maybe you're thinking and the issues that I was thinking when I or before I started taking creatine. So creatine, this isn't just for women, but creatine provides increased power by pushing the glucose from your cells into your muscles. And what that does is that leads to and what that does is that leads to enhanced muscle growth and improved recovery times. Who doesn't want that? And especially as we age, we need that. When combined with resistance training, creatine is highly effective for helping women gain lean muscle mass while also losing body fat. Creatine boosts your brain health and cognitive functions. So your brain uses a tremendous amount of energy and creatine helps maintain the brain's energy supply or ATP. This can reduce mental fatigue, improve short term memory and reasoning skills, help with cognitive performance under stress. For example, you've had a really shit night of sleep and you have a big day at work. I'm a parent. I don't know that that happens on a weekly basis for me. And it also has potential neuroprotective benefit. Creatine is great for sarcopenia, sarcopenia prevention. Creatine can also be a powerful tool for combating age, related loss of muscle mass and strength, also called sarcopenia. All right, this is a, this is a good one. Listen up on my vegetarians, vegans and plant based eaters. Creatine is mostly found in meats and fish. So if you are a plant based eater and a woman, then I highly suggest supplementing with creatine. Since you're going to have naturally low stores of creatine anyway, it's going to, it's really going to be beneficial for you to supplement with creatine and maybe take a little bit extra than your meat eating friends. These are all the great benefits that creatine does for women. If you take creatine, let me know in the comments how it has helped you. It is probably the most researched supplement on the market right now. It has been an extensive research, I believe since the 60s or 70s. So if there's any supplement to take a chance on, I would take a chance on creatine. If you're a woman and you're thinking about creatine, give it a try. Let me know in the comments how you like it. And if you've been taking it for a while, Let me know how it's doing for you. Bye!