What is leaky gut? Have you guys heard about leaky gut? Let me know in the comments down below. Is this something you've heard about? Is this something that you have heard other people talk about? Have you seen this on social media? Because I have seen this everywhere. I see a lot of people asking me a lot of questions about leaky gut. I loved here if you guys have heard about this or not. So leaky gut actually is real. And what we know is going on is that there are certain subset of patients in which the junctions inside their tests and which are typically very tight become loosened up because of chronic inflammation whether it's food, environment, stress, or things like that. And that leaking of that inflammation can cause bacteria to go out and cause inflammation elsewhere. Cause it can cause people to have maybe other gut issues, bloating, distension, gas, but although other extra GI issues are outside the GI tract. Brain fog, joint pain, not feeling very good, just feeling tired all the time, just feeling inflamed. It's a leaky gut is a real condition. So you don't need a fancy test to tell me that you have leaky gut. If you have bloating, if you have diarrhea, if you have constipation, if you have just not feeling good, if you feel your gut's not doing good, that's all we need. I can tell you that your gut microbiome is out of whack. So a couple of things that we can do for this. Number one is that we need to really enhance what is going on with respect to your diet. We need to re-change the balance of the bad bacteria and the good bacteria. We close this particular membranes that are open up. into what we can do to improve your gut microbiome. We have to try to get rid of some of the things that are going to cause inflammation inside your body and add in things that can help you to decrease inflammation to change your gut microbiome. So let me know what you guys think. What you guys think is the number one thing that you can do to improve your gut microbiome. Cause I can tell you the number one thing by far in terms of the evidence is to have a diversity of plants in your diet. And so that can really be the best thing that we can do to hopefully improve your gut microbiome. And by doing that, we can help to change leaky gut, get you back in balance, really get you feeling better. And I can tell you this actually does work. We do this for a lot of our patients and helps out and can really help out with their gut issues. And so we typically do a dietary approach. I am not of the opinion at all that you need supplements, especially if we can do a dietary approach. to that. You can't supplement yourself to health. You cannot do that. But you can certainly eat yourself to health and change your diet and start to feel a lot better. If you have any questions about that, let me know. I'd love to hear in the comments down below what you guys, I think about that.