The past year, the drug ozempic has skyrocketed in popularity, being marketed as a quick fix for weight loss. And we've also seen social media, right? Kind of maybe driving some of that popularity. We have Dr. Angela Tran, a weight loss specialist. So tell us literally about these over the counter. And now we have this berberine coming into the mix. So talk to me about it. What a hot topic. So berberine is actually a natural chemical compound found in various plants. And it is a supplement that potentially can reduce your cravings. It can regulate your blood treatment. and produce some weight loss, compared to the the newer medications. You've heard of it. Ozempic, we go v. Moonjaro. These are used to treat diabetes, you know, B.C. But they do require persportion. Yeah, what would you say with this berberine? Do you think it's an alternative to ozempic or what are the pros? Yeah, you know, it's not really a fair comparison because these prescription based medications are highly studied in clinical trials. And they chemically mimic a very special hormone called GLP 1, which actually can help you produce over 15% weight loss. We were talking about this before. You know, cameras on is this had it can be an alternative to surgery. And it is very important to work with a doctor who is able to navigate, you know, what, what, what each person needs to do. Right. And we were talking about that as an alternative to surgery, because that's obviously permanent when you choose to undergo that. But this could be maybe an option for tell me, like, who would you kind of recommend this for? You know, you definitely again need to consult with your doctor. You know, as a medical weight loss specialist, it's important to educate the patients. These are not FDA regulated. They can come with side effects and it's not safe in pregnancy. So, you know, if you're healthy, otherwise you can try it, but don't expect the dramatic weight loss results that you are seeing with these prescription based medications. Have you ever had patients come in just with the social media, you know, kind of driving popularity, right? You have patients come in having expectation that may or may not be, you know, totally true. Yeah, you know, the nice thing about it is that patients are really seeing through the fluff now. And so they do come to me to get the facts. Now, these medications are injection based and they work very well, but there's also a pill version which is coming in the pipeline. And that's going to be a total game changer. But like I said, you do need to, you know, make sure you work with a medical professional and combine it with a diet and exercise to really put it all together. So that's the consensus, right? And make sure that you talk to your doctor. But what else would you say as a directive to people who are interested in this? You know, bottom line, whether it is a supplement or prescription is not a substitute for diet and exercise. You do want to learn how to put in the healthy habits in place so that you're not dependent at all these supplements or medications, but have a long lasting healthy lifestyle. You want change in multiple aspects of life? Yes, 100%. Well, Dr. Tran, thank you so much for joining us. And we will be right back. Thank you.