Now with Dr. Jan taking questions from our viewers and the first question right here is, are there any risks or benefits to drinking raw milk? Risk big time, you guys. Remember when you're talking about raw cow's milk, you're talking about milk that has not been pasteurized. That's the process that yes, to Marco, that is an appropriate phase. That is the process that kills the bacteria, some parasites, viruses that even if the cows are raised in the most pristine environment, their milk can and does contain a lot of things that can make us humans very sick if we consume it. So, yeah, that is not a good idea. There are a lot of risks and there really is no benefit. So regular old pasteurized dairy milk is nutritionally very good. The way to go. I don't like regular milk that we get in with. So, you're in prescription for well. All right. Well, inspired by our upcoming segment with the founders of home edit on the benefits of decluttering. And you and I are all about this. I love this. It improves mood. Yes, it does. It makes us feel instantly better in that sense of gratification. Yes, and satisfaction and organization and therefore can boost our productivity and focus for people who are lean to the compulsive side like you do. And it actually can increase our ability to process information. So, just the act of removing clutter, things that are not serving us mentally or physically has some real benefits. And who has the cleanest dressing room in the building? Not me. That must mean you do not want them. I will give them to someone who does pick them up or I am tossing them and they knew I meant business. Yeah. Mommy, here it is. Yeah. You don't want to organize that clutter? We're going to shut up behind the door. Okay. I'm glad I'm a grown man now. Hit us up on Instagram with all of your medical questions for Dr. Janet ABC, GMA 3. Well, hey there, GMA fans. Robin Roberts here. Thanks for checking out our YouTube channel. Lots of great stuff here. So, go on, click the subscribe button. right over right over here to get more of awesome videos and content from GMA every day any time. We thank you for watching and we'll see you in the morning on GMA.