Hey, it's me, Dr. Daniel, and I want to talk a little bit about vitamin status within the body, or really just nutrient status within the body. I get so many questions related to nutrient testing, vitamin testing, antioxidant status, and a lot of times we find when we start working on someone's case, we see that they've got major nutritional deficiencies that could be contributing to their problems, and we often get asked why? What's going on there? Well, there are really three pathways that you can look at. with respect to nutritional status. Number one is obviously you may not be taking in the right types of foods that are going to be giving you the nutrients that you want to be putting into your body. So of course, step number one is going to be nutrient intake. Are you eating enough food? Are you eating enough of the right food in order to get those nutrients that are in question? The second reason why somebody might have nutritional deficiencies is maybe they're eating enough and they're doing all the right stuff. So they put the good food in. But maybe they're not digesting absorbing those nutrients, and that could be something typically happening within the digestive system itself. Of course, you have to consider the microbiome, the collection of organisms that helps you to digest and absorb food. There could be digestive enzyme deficiencies, stomach acid. There's all these things right at the absorption level that could be impacting you. And then the third reason why somebody might have a nutritional deficiency is because of some biological process that is either using up more of that nutrient in question or a disease process that is resulting in your body using up that nutrient. So for example, somebody that works out very heavily, they're an endurance athlete. You might find that they need to take extra amounts of magnesium because they're just burning through. They're using it all up because of that biological process of training. Or maybe this is an individual that's taking birth control and we know that birth control will result in a combination of nutritional deficiencies. It can block nutrient absorption. It impacts the way that you ultimately metabolize and utilize B vitamins. So that could be a reason why. Or you've got, let's just say autoimmunity, which drives is driven largely by inflammation. And high levels of inflammation could be causing your vitamin D to go down. So I hope this makes sense. Really, I just wanted to share with you really quickly on all the different reasons, different factors when it comes to nutritional status overall. And this is why it matters that you're getting tested and you're measuring these things and you're not just haphazardly going about your life, hoping that things are where they need to be. A lot of times you really have to, in a targeted fashion, objectively measure where you are and then look at what you've been doing. Look at the situation, the environment, the scenario within the context of your life in order to determine what actually is happening. Hope that makes sense. If you have any questions, always feel free to hit me up. you