Hello everyone, Dr. Contessa here from CSA Medical Esthetics. I want to share with you a daily supplement that will boost your collagen as well as your hyaluronic in your system. These kinds of supplements will help us reduce our wrinkles as well as give you that helpful, younger looking skin. And aside from that, it will also help your bones, joints, connective tissues and the nails. Those with problems of these tissues in our body, it will help you with this kind of supplement. So I have here the softened hyaluron and collagen. We all know that collagen is a protein or peptide molecule present in our system and it makes us look younger. This one helps me in preventing the appearance of wrinkles as well as sagginess of the skin and hyaluronic. Of course, this one will hydrate your skin tissues. It prevents skin dryness. So this is my solution for those concerns. So it's something that works inside, but the effects are seen on the outside. So for my daily supplement, I take this hyaluron and collagen twice a day. All I have to do is mix this with my water here, so open the pocket here and it has six inside or such shades. There you go. So we'll have to take one such shade, open it. So I just dissolve this, the shade of my hyaluron and collagen into this 500 ml drinking water. Okay, actually you can also add it in your juice, yogurt or together with any of your beverages. So just drink it, okay, any time of the day that you want it. So the contents are collagen, hyaluronic acid, elastin, vitamin C and biotin. So the elastin there helps the elasticity of our skin and the vitamin C, as we all know, it's a very good antioxidant and it's very good for also for the cellular collagen production and the biotin also for those people with problems of falling here. So this kind of supplement will help you with all those concerns that you have. So I have people asking me what kind of supplement can I take? Like I regularly do my Botox every six months or regularly do my anti-aging procedures. Well, you can also combine with this daily supplement in a box, okay, it works inside, but the effects are seen on the outside. Thank you so much and God bless you all. (upbeat music)