So should females take creatine and doesn't make them bloated? Yes, they should take creatine. No, it does not make them bloated in the way that they think. But the water retention, bro, is the water retention that you want. It's intramuscular water. That's the water retention that you want that you're looking for. Yeah, it's not going to add any unnecessary bloat. It's going to give you some holding of water. But the holding's in their muscles, though. It's in their muscle cells. It's not going to be like their belly. Yeah, so it's just like what Mike was saying. It's not what they they're referring to, right? And they're like, Oh, my, tell me he's going to get a little fuller. I'm like, no, that's not necessarily the case. Like your bus going to. I think they'd be fine with that. I mean, look at this. So should they take like the creatine HCH or the, uh, the macronides creatine or the creatine monohydrate? What's the best one? I mean, my go to is monohydrate. I've heard of creatine hydrochloride for like just as much benefit, but there's, uh, like a triple the price. Yeah, it's a lot. Yeah. Well, it's one of those, uh, we all know that creatine is one of the most studied, you know, supplements out there. We've seen it work with monohydrate. Yeah. Stick to what works. I think they don't stick to it long enough to. It's something that you've got to take every single day. Every time I started up, I'll be like, Oh, dang, I haven't done it like three days. And then I'll just bring it back up. But you got, you have to saturate. You know, you don't have to do the, uh, what was it? Like three scoops on the back. Oh, the loading? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I tell people like you're not going to see a overnight change. You know, it's going to be a compact. There's a compounding effect to it. Right. So it's, it's one of those that you'll see the changes as the months go by, but why not? It's going to take at least a month for you to start to notice a difference. Yeah. You just got to be first thing with it. First thing they see is, uh, the three extra pounds. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah. Then you see the weight flying up on the bars. Like, okay, I'll go with this. I'll go with it. So what's the difference between the pill form and powder form? I don't think there's any difference. Have you heard anything? I haven't heard anything. So it's just the absorption rate that like the pill form is a little less, you're less likely, a little slower to absorb. Um, and you're not able to absorb the full amount apparently, but I usually tell people I'm like, look, if that's the difference between you getting it in and you're not getting it in, it makes it easier for me to carry pills around. What? It makes it easier if I just have it in my back and I'm like, Oh shoot, I forgot my creation. Just, you know, I'm driving and I'll just like real quick. Um, I was dry. I was dry scoop it. Yeah. Now I'm not doing that. But is that what that is? Try scooping. No, just all the texture white powder. Yeah. So I'm like, it's, yes, you absorb a little less of it, but you get something in you. Whereas if you forget to take the powder, you're not going to get it at all. (upbeat music)