Welcome back to this Dr. Jin Sun, where clinical excellence meets excellent results. Today we're going to talk about milk thistle, the liver cleaner. The best form to utilize when you're trying to protect your liver. Let's get right into it. Milk thistle comes from a seed and flower of syllabum marionum plant. It has been used since the 16th century for liver issues. In the 1970s, the World Health Organization recognized that milk thistle is hepatoprotective. It means it protects the liver. It's high in flavonoids and polyphenols, bioavailability is around 20 to 50%. It's great antioxidant, modulates insulin resistance for blood sugar problems. Antifibritic, meaning damaging to the liver, scar tissue, it helps to break down those fibrous tissues. It also helps to increase glutathione and has an anti-inflammatory effect. The best form. You can utilize milk thistle by itself, but newer technology has been utilizing phosphatidylcholine and attaching it to milk thistle. When they attach it, they get a product called milk thistle phytosome. It helps to go past the gastric environment of the stomach. It helps to get through and into the bloodstream to the liver. Milk thistle, phosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylcholine by itself is also hepatoprotective. You have a synergistic effect of milk thistle and phosphatidylcholine. It helps to improve the absorption rate. When you look at the back of the label, oftentimes it'll say it's milk thistle phytosome or cilomerium phytosome or cilbin phytosome. Those are the typical names that will utilize when it is attached to a phosphatidylcholine. If you take milk thistle and you add a glutathione or NAC or endocytylcysteine, now you have a great hangover cure. I made a separate video on hangovers, so I'll link that below. thione is also very hepatoprotective or protective. Milk thistle glutathione is great for the liver. My name is Dr. Jin Sung where clinical excellence meets excellent results. We'll see you guys next week on the healthy side. Have an awesome day.