Hey guys, so you know how we've been on screens a lot lately? Well, I get migraines and recently they've been more often. So I thought it might be being on screens. So I got some blue light blogger glasses to see if that would help. And they came with a cool little tester and I want to show you guys how it works. So in the package you have the case and the glasses, a little blue light flashlight and a tester strip. So you press the button and flash the tester strip, the flashlight on the tester strip. And it leaves a purple dot. Then you wait for the dot to go away. It slowly fades. It might take a while. So while we wait, you guys might have noticed that I cut my hair. So I decided to try a new look. shorten back and long in the front. I just kind of got tired of long hair. So I was like chop, chop, chop. And I'm really enjoying having short hair because I'm sort of learning how to take care of my own hair because all those hairstyles that I used to have my old videos, my mom did those. So I'm learning how to take care of my own hair. I'm washing it, combing and doing all of that myself. And I will be making a new video showing you guys how I make my own natural hair moisturizer. So now the strip is blank and you take the glasses and try to shine the light through the glasses onto the strip to see if it makes a mark again. But these glasses block blue light. So there's no purple dot. You can do it from here. You can try to do it this way. But it doesn't get through. Isn't that cool? So I will be wearing these when I'm on screens. And when I have them on, it puts like a little yellow tint on the world. Even if you don't have blue light blocker glasses, you can still take away some of the blue light by putting on a blue light blocker that most devices already have in the settings. And computers have it, phones have it, tablets have it. So even if you can't get blue light blocker glasses right, now you can still keep your eyes safe and not affected by blue light. And I'll put a link in the description down below so you can get these glasses yourself. Thank you guys for watching. Make sure you like and subscribe. Bye!