And these were actually considered industrial waste and used only in soap making until they made their way to our food system. Now the process of making these oils that really isn't pretty. Oh goodie, I thought I was done talking about seed oils. Alright, so the fact that an ingredient used in food is also used in different industrial applications tells you absolutely nothing about that ingredient. Actually using the term industrial in this way doesn't make any sense because these are food grade seed oils that we're talking about in foods. Many different food ingredients are used in many different industries. Water, baking soda, acetic acid, aka vinegar are used in many different industries. They're also used in food. It doesn't tell you anything about the ingredient itself. And also there are different grades of these ingredients. So there's technical grade which is used in different industries and then there's food grade which is used in food. I hear this claim so often but it's just not true. So in the refining process, yes these oils are heated to a temperature that drives off volatile compounds which actually makes the oil more stable. This is why refined oils have higher smoke points. And that temperature is lower than the temperature that would be needed to oxidize the oil. It's a steam distillation process that drives off the unwanted aldehydes, ketones, alcohols, and short chain fatty acids. These are compounds which are more volatile than the oil itself. And again this process actually makes the oil more stable so that it has a higher smoke point and it also has a longer shelf life. After this steam distillation process, the oil is then conditioned under nitrogen to prevent oxidation. And then the hexane is removed from the oil. This is a very efficient process that leaves very little to no hexane residue in the oil. Therefore the resulting oil is not unsafe due to hexane whether you are a fan of hexane or not. So this is what she cited for the trans fat claim which actually has nothing to do with that deodorization process. It has to do with different cooking methods. So this just showed after certain cooking methods corn oil had 0.25 grams of trans fat per 100 grams and the rest of these oils had no detectable amounts of trans fat. So not only is that not relevant to the claim being made but it also shows very low levels of trans fats. adsorb, flavor, color, and other impurities from the oil. Again removing these impurities is making the oil more stable and the shelf life longer and making a more neutral oil that can be used in many different applications. So that's pretty gross but what is it really doing to our health? So that's pretty gross just kind of sums up this whole thing. So let's take a look at the actual evidence on health impacts which shows among other things a reduction in coronary heart disease when saturated fats are replaced by mono and polyunsaturated fats. I will link these and many more studies in the comments.