Hey guys, this is Maria from CanSita's nutrition team, and today's customer question is, how do I prepare with supplements for Candida? Getting Candida under control requires the correct supplements on diet. What if you don't have your Candida foot plan or figure out or don't have access to the best foods? You can still start the program when your supplements have a right. While eating the right diet is a necessary part of the program, the anti-fungal will still have an effect even if your diet isn't the best at first, and you can make the necessary diet changes as you go along. So how do I start today? You can start preparing by supporting your liver for the first two weeks. Consider, rebuild some multibitamin that replenishes necessary nutrients and improves liver function so that your body can detoxify effectively from yeast. If you don't have rebuild, you can still support your liver by eating cruciferous vegetables and getting enough water, exercise, and sleep. Here you can also start taking two capsules of restore probiotic a day. With there is a probability containing lactobacillus and other bacteria that help prevent yeast overgrowth during the entire course of the anti-fungal treatment. Start now with two capsules a day for the first two weeks, then decrease to one capsule a day until you finish taking the anti-fungals, or optimal long-term results. Take your first capsule in the morning with breakfast and the second capsule in the evening before bedtime away from foods. Stay on consider, rebuild and restore until any initial reactions have cleared up, and you have been feeling distinct improvement on it for at least a week before moving on to step two. Some people will feel very little reaction or change in step one so they can quickly move to taking the anti-fungals. Step two involves getting rid of Candida and should last at least one month. If you felt improvement with the probiotics and liver support, your Candida symptoms are still there. It's advised to take anti-microbial therapy like remove. Take Candida and remove. Working your way up to three tablets a day, preferable with meals. For those who are very sensitive, you can start with just half a tablet per day with food and methods of such a friend there. When taking remove, abdominal discomfort for the first few days is normal. Here you should continue taking restore probiotics. Most people only need to take one bottle each of Candida to restore and remove. However, if you feel your body is responding well to step two but needs more, you might need to increase the dose and take extra bottles from your teeth. We hope this answers your question. If you want to contact us for more information, please email us at supradicancida.com and we'll get back to you. And consider your health is important to us.